[cutting and scratching]
She's a part time
a part time
part time
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
part time
She's a (part time mutha)

Meet Cindi, she's twenty-two, lives right on the dope track
Used to be fat now weighs less than a Tic-Tac
Now what's that say about, this big epidemic
This hypocritical world, and the people in it
Now speaking of in it Cindi loved to get buckwild
Fuck with a smile single file she'll bust nuff styles
That would be cool, if she was your lover
But fuck that, Cindi was my dope fiend mother
Welfare checks never stepped through the front door
Cuz moms would run to the dopeman once more
All those days, had me fiending for a hot meal
Now I'm a crook, got steel, I do not feel
So don't even trip, when I flip, with my thirty-eight
Revenge is a bitch, and my hit shake the murder rate
Word to the mutha, I'm touched
When moms come by, niggaz hush or get rushed
Maybe one day she'll recover
But what will it take, to shake, or break
My part time mutha

I gotta live with a part time
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)

I grew up in a home where no-one liked me
Moms would hit the pipe, everynight, she would fight me
Poppa was a nasty old man, like the rest
He's feeling on my chest, with his hand in my dress
Just another pest, and yes I was nervous
Blood sensor tests, I just don't deserve this
I wanna tell mom, but would she listen
She's bound to be bitchin if she hasn't got a fix in
So... now I lay me down to sleep
Lord don't let him rape me
If he does my soul to keep
Don't let the devil take me
Can't concentrate I contemplate in my classroom
Thinkin how my step dad, raped me in the bathroom
Every day I make class, and yet I'm missing periods
The thought of pregnancy is in my head and now I'm fearing it
I gotta tell mom, before she sees me
I told her how he G'd me, and she didn't believe me
Callin me a slut cuz my butt's kinda big so
Still that ain't no way to be talkin to your kids though
I can't believe the way you call it
Gotta believe in him, and dissin her own daughter
Time for me to break and find another
That's when I discovered
The ways of the days of a part time mutha

I got a part time
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)
Part time
A part time
A part time mutha
She's a (part time mutha)

I rush to tend her, talked as I touch her
She blushed, the clothes came off, and I bust her
I'm up now, ready to get drunk on the block
Here, take a cab, thanks a lot for the cot
She's gone, and I'm thinkin that my game's so strong
Pat myself on the back and move on
Is this just how it is hell no
Cuz she came back with the kid and yo
I been payin ever since
The clothes the food the cars and oh the rent
All of my time gets spent at the workplace
No time to kiss her got me list in the first place
So I do the dishes and clean the floor
When I sleep I can't dream anymore
Oh no... now I'm a part time mutha
And I, change the diapers and clean the shit
The tables are turned I can't take this
Oh no... now I'm a part time mutha

A part time
A part time mutha
Now I'm a part time mutha
I'm a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
Part time
Now I'ma (part time mutha)
She's a part time
A part time mutha
He's a part time mutha
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
A part time
Part time mutha
A part time
A part time mutha
Pa-pa-pa-part time
Pa-pa-pa-part time...


Rebel.. rebel..

[2Pac]
They just can't stand the reign, or the occasional pain
from a man like me, who goes against the grain
Sometimes I do it in vain, so with a little bass and treble
Hey Mister! It's time for me to explain that I'm the rebel
Cold as the devil
Straight from the underground, the rebel, a lower level
They came to see the maniac psychopath
The critics heard of me, and the aftermath
I don't give a damn and it shows
And when I do a stage show I wear street clothes
So they all know me
The lyrical lunatic, the maniac emcee
I give a shout out to your homies
And maybe then, the critics'll leave your boy alone, G
On the streets or on TV
It just don't pay to be, a truth tellin MC
They won't be happy till I'm banned
The most dangerous weapon: an educated black man
So point blank in your face, pump up the bass
and join the human race
I throw peace to the Bay
Cause from the Jungle to Oaktown, they backin me up all the way
You know you gotta love the sound
It's from the rebel -- the rebel of the underground

Rebel he's a rebel, rebel of the underground [4X]


[2Pac]
Now I'm face to face with the devils
Cause they breedin more rebels than the whole damn ghetto
And police brutality
shit it put you in the nip and call it technicality
So you reap what you sow
So reap the wrath of the rebel, jackin em up once mo'
Now the fox is in the henhouse, creepin up on your daughter
While you sleep I got her sneakin out
Tupac ain't nuttin nice
I'll be nuttin how I wanna, and doin what I'm gonna
Now I'm up to no good
The mastermind of mischief movin more than most could
So sit and slip into the sound
Peep the rebel -- the rebel of the underground

Rebel he's a rebel, rebel of the underground [4X]


[2Pac]
They say they hate me, they wanna hold me down
I guess they scared of the rebel -- the rebel of the underground
But I never let it get me
I just make another record bout the punks tryin to sweat me
In fact, they tryin to keep me out
Try to censor what I say
cause they don't like what I'm talkin bout
So what's wrong with the media today?
Got brothers sellin out cause they greedy to get paid
But me, I'm comin from the soul
And if it don't go gold, my story still gettin told
And that way they can't stop me
And if it sells a couple of copies, the punks'll try to copy
It's sloppy, don't even try to
I'm a slave to the rhythm, and I'm about to fly through
So yo to the people in the ghetto
When ya hear the bass flow, go ahead and let go
Now everybody wanna gangbang
They talkin street slang, but the punks still can't hang
They makin records bout violence 
But when it comes to the real, some brothers go silent
It kinda make you wanna think about
that ya gotta do some sellin out, just to get your record out
But 2Pacalpyse is straight down
So feel the wrath of the rebel -- the rebel of the underground

Tupac is a rebel, rebel of the underground [8X]


##newtrack##
[cutting and scratching]
She's a part time
a part time
part time
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
part time
She's a (part time mutha)

Meet Cindi, she's twenty-two, lives right on the dope track
Used to be fat now weighs less than a Tic-Tac
Now what's that say about, this big epidemic
This hypocritical world, and the people in it
Now speaking of in it Cindi loved to get buckwild
Fuck with a smile single file she'll bust nuff styles
That would be cool, if she was your lover
But fuck that, Cindi was my dope fiend mother
Welfare checks never stepped through the front door
Cuz moms would run to the dopeman once more
All those days, had me fiending for a hot meal
Now I'm a crook, got steel, I do not feel
So don't even trip, when I flip, with my thirty-eight
Revenge is a bitch, and my hit shake the murder rate
Word to the mutha, I'm touched
When moms come by, niggaz hush or get rushed
Maybe one day she'll recover
But what will it take, to shake, or break
My part time mutha

I gotta live with a part time
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)

I grew up in a home where no-one liked me
Moms would hit the pipe, everynight, she would fight me
Poppa was a nasty old man, like the rest
He's feeling on my chest, with his hand in my dress
Just another pest, and yes I was nervous
Blood sensor tests, I just don't deserve this
I wanna tell mom, but would she listen
She's bound to be bitchin if she hasn't got a fix in
So... now I lay me down to sleep
Lord don't let him rape me
If he does my soul to keep
Don't let the devil take me
Can't concentrate I contemplate in my classroom
Thinkin how my step dad, raped me in the bathroom
Every day I make class, and yet I'm missing periods
The thought of pregnancy is in my head and now I'm fearing it
I gotta tell mom, before she sees me
I told her how he G'd me, and she didn't believe me
Callin me a slut cuz my butt's kinda big so
Still that ain't no way to be talkin to your kids though
I can't believe the way you call it
Gotta believe in him, and dissin her own daughter
Time for me to break and find another
That's when I discovered
The ways of the days of a part time mutha

I got a part time
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)
Part time
A part time
A part time mutha
She's a (part time mutha)

I rush to tend her, talked as I touch her
She blushed, the clothes came off, and I bust her
I'm up now, ready to get drunk on the block
Here, take a cab, thanks a lot for the cot
She's gone, and I'm thinkin that my game's so strong
Pat myself on the back and move on
Is this just how it is hell no
Cuz she came back with the kid and yo
I been payin ever since
The clothes the food the cars and oh the rent
All of my time gets spent at the workplace
No time to kiss her got me list in the first place
So I do the dishes and clean the floor
When I sleep I can't dream anymore
Oh no... now I'm a part time mutha
And I, change the diapers and clean the shit
The tables are turned I can't take this
Oh no... now I'm a part time mutha

A part time
A part time mutha
Now I'm a part time mutha
I'm a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
Part time
Now I'ma (part time mutha)
She's a part time
A part time mutha
He's a part time mutha
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
A part time
Part time mutha
A part time
A part time mutha
Pa-pa-pa-part time
Pa-pa-pa-part time...

##newsong##

[Tupac]
Ohh shit! Jumped on my man's dick
Heard he had a twelve inch, now the bitch is lovesick
Who's to blame, the guy or the groupie?
Heard I was down with D.U., now she wants to do me
Oooh-wee! This is the life
New bitch every night, never tripped off a wife
It ain't right, but it's cool how they come quick
Don't try to flip with the lip cause I run shit
Hip hip, hooray for the AK
Spray when I lay competition, what a great day
Make pay, next is the wet sex
Hexed with the vex now they wreck with the complex
I'm set, wonder what I tote, check
Bloody as a coat-check, snappin motherfuckers necks
Revenge so sweet when it comes from
niggaz get done with the drum, watch my foes run
Nigga keeps comin when they can't slip
Full of that shit, another hit from Tha' Lunatic

[Stretch]
Yeah, fuck that God! Word up
Blowin niggaz out the motherfuckin frame yaknahmsayin?
Constantly.. fuck that trick, we ain't havin it

[Tupac]
Leave me the fuck alone, you gets none of this
It's suicidal, you lose your title like Doug-las
Cause I'm nothin nice and, I'm icin like Tyson
I'm grippin the mic and, my DJ is slicin
I'm tired of motherfuckers steppin to me with the SAME OLD
Tryin to do me like Nintendo
How the fuck you think I ever got this far?
By bootin motherfuckers like a shootin star
Cause I'm out to show, that I'm a dope MC
Think crack had you fiendin, wait'll they get a load of me
Bitches on my dick, like a motherfuckin 'conda
Niggaz wanna flip, let em step, and I'll bomb em
See somethin you want, why don't you come and get it
And then get waxed and taxed, like the government
Then I leave you sittin there, wonder where your money went
While your bitch is callin me, tellin me to come again
Nigga I'm loc'ed, when I smoke, from the indo
But we can be friends though, after you get broke like a window
That's what you provoked, and now you're smoked out
Lookin like a bitch, cause your whole fuckin posse, broke out
Punk motherfucker couldn't roll on
He couldn't hold on, game is too strong, nigga
Leave me the fuck alone, you gets none of this
Feel the wrath.. and revenge of Tha' Lunatic

[Stretch]
Yeah Tu', tell them motherfuckers, word up
We ain't havin it, NONE of that shit!!
Bitch ass niggaz, niggaz can't fuck with us Tu', word up
Ninety-one, we takin this WHOLE motherfucker over
Niggaz got PROBLEMS in ninety-one
Ninety-two, and ninety-three
and all that other shit, word up!

[Tupac]
Recognize game when it smacks your bitch I'm back to rip
Puttin this on the map with this mackin shit
Time will tell if it's made well
Well I raise hell and excel cause it pays well
Jordan couldn't dunk it any harder, pump it any farther
I'm funky, that's word to the father
Act like you know 'fore I thump, the bolo
Thought you was a pimp, now you're simpin for my solo
Oh no, not another new jack, swearin that he's ruthless
Ducked, and now he's fucked and left toothless
I can hear the fear in your flow, you ain't prepared
You're scared and you're bound to go
It's somethin, I guess I let the beat keep bumpin
Stop trippin off these niggaz cause they ain't about nuttin
Or should I say NAYthin
Punk put my tape in, fuck all the fake-in
I'm sick of the bullshit
Come equipped and get ready to rip
or get the dick of Tha' Lunatic

[Stretch]
Ahhhh yeah! FUCK THAT! (the motherfuckin lunatic)
YouknowhatI'msayin? Yes Tu'!
Tell them niggaz what time it is knahmsayin?
(punk motherfuckers, get the dick of the lunatic)
Niggaz can't fuck with us, word up
Bitch ass niggaz, FUCK EM!

[Tupac]
Fuck all them niggaz
I'm tellin these niggaz that they ain't got..
NAYthin on a nigga like me
We squashin these punk motherfuckers in ninety-one
ninety-two ninety-three.. and SO on
So let the beat FLOAT on
While I spray these PUNK BITCHES
with these dope ass lyrics
Thanks to Poppa for supplyin the DANK
Now it's money in the BANK
And all y'all niggaz shit STANK
compared to this shit..

Fuck y'all punk bitches!
Tha' Lunatic [ echoes to fade ]

##newsong##

Brenda's got a Baby
Brenda's got a Baby

I hear Brenda's got a baby
But, Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame
The girl can hardly spell her name
(That's not our problem, that's up to Brenda's family)
Well let me show ya how it affects the whole community
Now Brenda really never knew her moms and her dad was a
junky
Went in death to his arms, it's sad
Cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just cause your in the ghetto doesn't mean ya can't grow
But oh, that's a thought, my own revelation
Do whatever it takes to resist the temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now lets watch the joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
Who didn't really care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out and had a church of kids
As long as when the check came they got first dibs
Now Brenda's belly is gettin bigger
But no one seems to notice any change in her figure
She's 12 years old and she's having a baby
In love with the molester, who's sexing her crazy
And yet she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world with the two of them are together,
whatever
He left her and she had the baby solo, she had it on the
bathroom floor
And didn't know so, she didn't know, what to throw away and
what to keep
She wrapped the baby up and threw him in the trash heep
I guess she thought she'd get away
Wouldn't hear the cries
She didn't realize
How much the the little baby had her eyes
Now the baby's in the trash heep balling
Momma can't help her, but it hurts to hear her calling
Brenda wants to run away
Momma say, you makin' me lose pay, the social workers here
everyday
Now Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money no babysitter, she couldn't keep a job
She tried to sell crack, but end up getting robbed
So now what's next, there ain't nothing left to sell
So she sees sex as a way of leaving hell
It's paying the rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute, found slain, and Brenda's her name, she's got a baby

Baby

(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)

##newsong##

Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee
We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me G
Back in the days we played practical jokes on
everybody smoked with they locs and the yolks on
All through high school, girls by the dozens
Saying we cousins, knowing that we wasn't
But like the old saying goes
Times goes on, and everybody grows
Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways
You chose the dope gaaaane, my microphone pays
In many ways we were paid in the old days
So far away from the crazies with AK's
And though I been around clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown
And if you need, need anything at all
I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call

[Verse Two:]

It's a shame, you chose the dope game
Now you slang cane on the streets with no name
It was plain that your aim was mo' cane
You got game now you run with no shame
I chose rappin tracks to make stacks
In fact I travel the map with raps that spray cats
But now I don't wanna down my homie
No matter how low you go you're not lowly
And I, hear that you made a few enemies
But when you need a friend you can depend on me, call
If you need my assistance there'll be no resistance
I'll be there in an instant
Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover
I'd be no different than the other
H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E
I'm down to the E-N-D
Cause it's a fall in no time at all
I'm down for y'all, when my homies call
Word, if my homies call

[Verse Three:]

Well it's ninety-one and I'm living kinda swell now
But I hear that you're going through some hell pal
But life making records ain't easy
It ain't what I expected it's hectic it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder
Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather
My homies is making it elsewhere
Striving, working nine to five with no health care
We both had dreams of being great
But his deferred, and blurred and changed in shaped
It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make
To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake, the crates and fakes and snakes
I gotta take, my place or fall from grace
The foolish way, the pace is quick and great
Smiling face, to hide the trace of hate
But my homie would never do me wrong
That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me it's on
No matter who the foe they must fall
Us against them all I'm down to brawl if my homies call

##newsong##

"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[machine gun fires] "Got him!" - [Dr. Dre]

[2Pac]
A smokin ass nigga robbed me blind
I got a tech nine now his smokin ass is mine
I guess I felt sorry for the bastard, he was broke
I didn't know he smoked so I didn't watch him close
He caught me on the sneak tip, now the punk's in deep shit 
Catch him on the streets, I'ma bring him to his feet, quick
Pass the clip, I think I see him comin now
Fuck the bullshit, posse deep and let's run him down
Gots to be the first one to hit ya when we meet
Comin quickly up the streets, is the punk ass police
The first one jumped out and said, "Freeze!"
I popped him in his knees and shot him, punk.. please..
Cause cops should mind they business, when we rush
Now you're pleadin like a bitch, cause you don't know how to.. hush..
Now back to the smoker that robbed me
I tell you like Latifah, motherfucker give me.. body..
One to the chest, another to his fuckin dome
Now the shit can rest, yo tell him to leave me the fuck alone
Two very bloody bodies on the streets
A nosey ass cop and a nigga that robbed from me
Run from your backup punk, how you figure?
My finger's on the trigger for you crooked ass niggaz

[Pac]	
Crooked ass niggaz
[Eazy]	
Criminal behaviour.. criminal.. criminal behaviour
[Cube]	
Suddenly I see..
[Eazy]	
Cri-cri-criminal

[Stretch]
Now listen to the mack of the crooked nigga trade
With the fine criminal mind, cold rips like a blade
It's already quick steppin to the niggaz with the props
and any motherfucker with the flim-flam drops to the knot
Ten o'clock, is a motherfuckin gank move
Stretch is Uptown, clockin weight the shit is real smooth
A nigga's tryin to play me like he know me but he don't
Sittin on ten keys, I'ma get him, think I won't?
My nigga 2Pac, got the fuckin Glock cocked, and he's ready
When the kid, didn't even bring the weight bag, instead he
welcomed us, into his apartment
Oh this even better, two to the head, he's dead a clean get-a-WAY!
Niggaz got PAID!
And yet another sleepin ass nigga got slayed, word up
By a crooked motherfucker named Stretch
And the T-U-P-A-C, the police can't catch..

[Pac]	
The crooked ass niggaz
[Eazy]	
Criminal behaviour..
[Pac]	
Yeah.. ya don't stop!

Crooked ass niggaz
[Eazy]	
Criminal.. criminal behaviour
[Cube]	
Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like

[2Pac]
Now I could be a crooked nigga too
When I'm rollin with my crew, watch what crooked niggaz, do!
I got a nine millimeter Glock pistol
I'm ready to get witcha at the drop, of a whistle
So make your move, and act like you wanna flip
I fire thirteen shots, and pop another clip
I bring luck, my Glock's like a fuckin mop
The more I shot, the more motherfuckers dropped
And even cops got shot when they rolled up
Best to bring a knot, or get popped, I'm a soldier
I ain't the type to fetch ya, ask Stretch, he's my witness
Smoke til I'm blitzed, fuck a motherfuckin piss test
I'm trigger happy, try to 'tack me and I'll drop you quick
Long as I got a clip I got some shit to hit em with
The nigga killer I get iller when the shit gets thick
My brain flips, I start thinkin like a lunatic
I rip shit, came equipped with a bigger crew
I thought these niggaz knew, I'm a crooked nigga too

[Eazy]	
Criminal behaviour.. criminal.. criminal behaviour
[2Pac]	
Crooked

[2Pac]
Crooked ass niggaz come in all shapes and sizes
They wear disguises, backstabbin's what they specialize in
They'll try to getcha, they'll sweatcha to get in the picture
And then they hitcha, son of a bitch! Now he's richer
Crooked ass nigga..

[Eazy]	
Criminal behaviour.. criminal.. criminal behaviour
[Cube] 
Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
[Eazy]	
Criminal behaviour
Criminal, criminal, crim
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour, criminal behaviour..

[machine gun fires]
"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[machine gun fires]
"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[machine gun fires]
"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[Eazy]	
Criminal behaviour
Criminal, criminal, crim
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal beha.. crima-crima-crima
Crim-crim, criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour..

"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[machine gun fires] "Got him!" - [Dr. Dre]

"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[machine gun fires] "Got him!" - [Dr. Dre]

"Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like" - [Ice Cube]
[machine gun fires] "Got him!" - [Dr. Dre]

##newsong##

Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come

More than an adversary I'm very quick
I'm ready to hit 'em with this gift
I'm equipped to kick
Grab you coat and you hat, cause I'm prepared to clamp
Scared the [???], and caught them mutha-fuckas damp
Oh shit, 2pacalypse is back and strapped
Attacking the pacs, I'm kicking the facts for stacks to rap 
And those that max, relax and let the blacks get jacks
I'm getting taxed, my pacs is packed with angry blacks
I'm ready to go
I'm ripping the shows, hitting the dough
Getting the hoes [???]
Pumping the flow, gangster ho 
cause the nose knows
Check the pose, froze, when you see me close
Punks you gonna roast, host, in a cloud of smoke
Broke, choked on a rope, and then smoked
wrote, crimes that'll bring me bank notes
nope, I ain't the type of fella that you use though
Kkkkkkicking the funky flava
Pumping [???] producers
Run for cover when you hear the bass drop 
One verse is all it takes
Something wicked this way come

Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come

Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
wicked wicked this way comes
wicked wicked this way comes
wicked wicked this way comes
Something wicked this way come

##newsong##

Killing us one by one
In one way or another
America will find a way to eliminate the problem
One by one
The problem is
The troubles in the black youth of the ghettos
And one by one
We are being wiped off the face of this earth
At an extremely alarming rate
And even more alarming is the fact
That we are not fighting back
Brothers, sisters, niggas
When I say niggas it is not the nigga we are grown to fear
It is not the nigga we say as if it has no meaning
But to me
It means Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished, nigga
Niggas what are we going to do?
Walk blind into a line? Or fight?
Fight and die if we must like niggas

This is for the masses, the lower classes
The ones you left out, jobs were givin', better livin'
But we were kept out
Made to feel inferior, but we're superior
Break the chains in our brains that made us fear yah
Pledge allegiance to a flag that neglects us
Honour a man that who refuses to respect us
Emancipation, proclamation, Please!
Lincoln just said that to save the nation
These are lies that we all accepted
Say no to drugs but the government’s kept it
Running through our community, killing the unity
The war on drugs is a war on you and me
And yet they say this is the Home of The Free
But if you ask me it's all about hypocrisy
The constitution, Yo, it don't apply to me
And Lady Liberty still the bitch lied to me
Steady strong nobody's gonna like what I pumpin'
But it's wrong to keeping someone from learning something
So get up, it's time to start nation building
I'm fed up, we gotta start teaching children
That they can be all that they want to be
There's much more to life than just poverty

This is definitely ahhh words of wisdom
AMERIKA, AMERIKA, AMERIKKKA
I charge you with the crime of rape, murder, and assault
For suppressing and punishing my people
I charge you with robbery for robbing me of my history
I charge you with false imprisonment for keeping me
Trapped in the projects
And the jury finds you guilty on all accounts
And you are to serve the consequences of your evil schemes
Prosecutor do you have any more evidence?

Words of Wisdom
They shine upon the strength of a nation
Conquer the enemy on with education
Protect yourself, reach for what you wanna do
Know thy self, teach what we been through
On with the knowledge of the place, then
No one will ever oppress this race again
No Malcolm X in my history text
Why is that?
‘Cause he tried to educate and liberate all blacks
Why is Martin Luther King in my book each week?
He told blacks, if they get smacked, turn the other cheek
I don't get it, so many questions went through my mind
I get sweated, They act as if asking questions is a crime
But forget it, one day I'm gonna prove them wrong
Now every brother had to smother on the welfare line
The American dream, though it like it's attainable
They're pulling your sleeve, don't believe
‘Cause it will strangle yah
Pulling the life of your brain, I can't explain
Beg as you can obtain from which you came
Swear that your mother is living in equality
Forgetting your brother that's living her apology
Thought they had us beaten when they took out King
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom

NIGHTMARE that's what I am
America's nightmare
I am what you made me
The hate and evil that you gave me
I shine of a reminder of what you have done to my people
For Four hundred plus years
You should be scared
You should be running
You should be trying to silence me
Ha ha
But you cannot escape fate
Well it is my turn to come
Just as you rose you shall fall
By my hands
Amerika, You reap what you sow
2pacalypse America's Nightmare
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob America's Nightmare
Above the Law America's Nightmare
Paris America's Nightmare
Public Enemy America's Nightmare
Krs-One America's Nightmare
Mutulu Shakur America's Nightmare
Geronimo Pratt America's Nightmare
Assada Shakur America's Nightmare

##newsong##

[2Pac]
They claim that I'm violent, just cause I refuse to be silent
These hypocrites are havin fits, cause I'm not buyin it
Defyin it, envious because I will rebel against
any oppressor, and this is known as self defense
I show no mercy, they claim that I'm the lunatic
But when the shit gets thick, I'm the one you go and get
Don't look confused, the truth is so plain to see
Cause I'm the nigga that you sell-outs are ashamed to be
In every Jeep and every car, brothers stomp this
I'm Never Ignorant, Getting Goals Accomplished
The underground railroad on an uprise
This time the truth's gettin told, heard enough lies
I told em fight back, attack on society
If this is violence, then violent's what I gotta be
If you investigate you'll find out where it's comin from
Look through our history, America's the violent one
Unlock my brain, break the chains of your misery
This time the payback for evil shit you did to me
They call me militant, racist cause I will resist
You wanna censor somethin, motherfucker censor this!
My words are weapons, and I'm steppin to the silent
Wakin up the masses, but you, claim that I'm violent

[Chorus:]
[1st occurance:] as written
[2nd occurance:] add last three lines again
[3rd occurance:] repeat first five lines twice
[4th occurance:] repeat first five lines twice
[5th occurance:] second to fifth line, first to fifth line
[6th occurance:] emphasis on second line, whole chorus
[7th occurance:] first three lines only

"They claimin that I'm violent" -> Chuck D [cut and scratched]
"Fuck the damn cop!" [cut and scratched]
"Just because we play what the people want.."
"They claimin that I'm violent" -> Chuck D [cut and scratched]
"Fuck the damn cop!" [cut and scratched]
"Just because we play what the people want.."
"They claimin that I'm violent" -> Chuck D [cut and scratched]
"Fuck the damn cop!" [cut and scratched]

[2Pac]
The cops can't stand me, but they can't touch me
Call me a dope man, cause I rock dope beats
Jacked by the police, didn't have my ID
I said, "Excuse me, why you tryin to rob me?"
He had tha nerve to, say that I had a curfew
(Do you know what time it is?
Get out the fucking car, or I'll hurt you!)
"Get out the car... or I'lI hurt you"
So here I go, I better make my mind up
Pick my nine up, or hit the line-up
I chose B, stepped into the streets
The first cop grabbed me, the other ripped my seat
They grabbed my homie and they threw him to the concrete
(Ay man.. aiyyo.. ay man just c'mon ?)
("What you doin man?") They tried to frame me
They tried to say I had some dope in the back seat
But I'm a rap fiend, not a crack fiend
My homie panicked ("I'm out") he tried to run 
(Freeze nigga!) I heard a bullet fire from the cop's gun
My homie dropped so, I hit the cop
I kept swingin, yo, I couldn't stop
Before I knew it, I was beatin the cop senseless
The other cop dropped his gun, he was defenseless
(? Arrrrggggh, fuck you! Ungggh!)
Now I'm against this cop who was racist
Given him a taste, of tradin places
And all this, cause the peckerwood was tryin this
frame up, but I came up
Now they claimin that I'm violent

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
As I was beatin on a cop, I heard a gun click (uh-ohh)
Then the gun shot, but I wasn't hit
I turned around it was my homie with the gun in hand
He shot the cop (damn!) now he's a dead man
I said, come on, it's time for us to get away
(Let's go, we gotta get the fuck outta here)
They called for backup, and they'll be on their way
Jumped in the car, and tried to get away quick
The car wouldn't start (damn!) we in deep shit
So we jumped out (C'mon let's take the cop's car)
We drove a little ways thinkin that we got far
But I looked up, and all I saw was blue lights
If I die tonight, I'm dying in a gunfight
I grabed the AK, my homie took the 12 gauge
Load em up quick, it's time for us to spray
We'll shoot em up with they own fuckin weapons
And when we through sprayin (audi) then we steppin
This is a lesson, to the rednecks and crooked cops
You fuck with real niggaz, get ya fuckin ass dropped
So here we go, the police against us
Dark as dusk, waitin for the guns to bust (What's next man?)
What's next, I don't know and I don't care
One things fo' sho', tommorrow I won't be here
But if I go, I'm takin all these punks with me
Pass me a clip G, now come and get me
You wanna sweat me, never get me to be silent
Givin them a reason, (a reason) to claim that I'm violent...

[Chorus (3)]
[Chorus (4)]
[Chorus (5)]
[Chorus (6)]
[Chorus (7)]

##newsong##

I don't give a fuck
They done push me to the limit I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
Now I'm in the back of the paddy wagon
While this cops bragging about the nigga he's jackin
I see no justice
All I see is niggas dying fast
The sound of a gun blast
Then watch the hurst past
Just another day in the life 'G'
Gotta step lightly cause cops tried to snippe me
The catch, they don't wanna stop at the brother man
But then they'll have an accident and pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my cheque
I get more respect from the mother-fuckin' dope man
The Grammy's and the American music shows pimp us like hoes
They got dough but they hate us though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck trying to get with these crooked ass hypocrites
They way they see it, we was meant to be keep down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me they're be days like this
But I'm pissed cause it stays like this
And now they trying to send me off to Kuwait
Gimme a break
How much shit can a nigga take
I ain't goin' nowhere no how
What you wanna throw down
Better bring your guns pal
Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailin' hate I bail and spray with my A-K
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger
from the mother-fuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
Cause the clocks goin' tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a physco-path
The truth didn't last
Before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who'd do your figure!?
A mother-fuckin night nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up
I had enough and I don't give a fuck

Niggas!, isn't just the blacks
also a gang of mother-fuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and their attitude is shitty
Tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city
They say niggas like to do niggas,
Throw me in the cuffs with just two niggas
A street walkin' nigga and a beat walkin' nigga with a badge
I had to shoot you and the pass for the blast take his cash
And bash his head in dump him at the dead in
And that's just his luck
Cause a nigga like me
don't really give a fuck

Walked in the store what's everybody staring at
They act like they never seen a mother fucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit
Ain't this a bitch
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business else where
But where?
Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if knows that my income is more than
His pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mac in fact who's the black jack
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
while he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And count another quick meal
I'm getting paid for my traid but its still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
AS strong as a fuckin' nine
Mail stacked up niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your backs up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Usta come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers stay strong keep your heads up
They know we fed up
But we they just don't give a fuck

They just don't give a fuck

I gotta give my fuck offs

Fuck you to the San Francisco police department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff department
Fuck you to the F.B.I
Fuck you to the C.I.A
Fuck you to the B-u-s-h
Fuck you to the America
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice mother fuckers
And fuck you
Fuck Y'all
Punk gay sensitive little dick bastards
2pacalypse mother fuckin' know
Y'all can kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck Y'all
Punks, punks, punks, punks, punks

##newsong##

[repeat softly 2X in the background] 
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me

[audible after 'Pac says the word "welfare"]

['Pac talking as 'Soulja']
They cuttin off welfare..
They think crime is risin now
You got whites killin blacks,
cops killin blacks, and blacks killin blacks
Shit just gon' get worse
They just gon' become souljas
Straight souljas

[Chorus: 2Pac (repeat 2X)]

All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me

[2Pac as 'Soulja']
Crack done took a part of my family tree
My mom is on the shit, my daddy's splittin, mom is steady blamin me
Is it my fault, just cause I'm a young black male?
Cops sweat me as if my destiny is makin crack sales
Only fifteen and got problems
Cops on my tail, so I bail til I dodge 'em
They finally pull me over and I laugh
"Remember Rodney King?" and I blast on his punk ass
Now I got a murder case..
.. you speak of heaven punk? I never heard of the place
Wanted to come up fast, got a Uz and a black mask
Duckin fuckin 'Task', now who's the jack-ass?
Keep my shit cocked, cause the cops got a glock too
What the fuck would you do - drop them or let 'em drop you?
I chose droppin the cop
I got me a glock, and a glock for the niggaz on my block
Momma tried to stab me, I moved out
Sold a pound a weed, made G's, bought a new house
I'm only seventeen, I'm the new kid
Got me a crew, bought 'em jewels, and a Uz'-thick
But all good things don't last
'Task' came fast, and busted my black ass
Coolin in the pen, where the good's kept
Now my little brother wants to follow in my footsteps
A soulja

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
Buck, buck - niggaz get fucked, don't step to this
Quiet as kept I'm blessed on a quest with a death wish
Tell 'em to come and test, and arrest, nigga it's hectic
Here's the anorexic, I'm makin it to an exit
Walkin through the streets on the black tip
Packed with several gats, cause I'm on some "pay 'em back" shit
Niggaz don't wanna try me, brother you'll get shot down
Now I'm king of the block, since my bigger brother's locked down
I'm hot now, so many punk police have got shot down
Other coppers see me on the block, and they jock now
That's what I call a kingpin
Send my brother what he needs and some weed up to Sing-Sing
Tellin him just be ready set
Pack ya shit up quick; and when I hit, be prepared to jet
Niggaz from the block on the boat now
Every single one got a gun, that'll smoke - pow!
These punks about to get hit by the best
I'm wearin double vest.. so aim at my fuckin chest
I'll be makin straight dome calls
Touch the button on the wall, you'll be pickin up your own balls
I can still hear my mother shout..
"Hit the pig nigga, break your bigger brother out"
I got a message for the warden
I'm comin for ya ass, as fast as Flash Gorden
We get surrounded in the mess hall, yes y'all
A crazy motherfucker makin death calls
Just bring me my brother and we leavin
For every minute you stall, one of y'all bleedin..
They brought my brother in a jiffy
I took a cop, just in case things got tricky
And just as we was walkin out (BANG!)
I caught a bullet in the head, the screams never left my mouth
My brother caught a bullet too
I think he gon' pull through, he deserve to
The fast life ain't everything they told ya
Never get much older, following the tracks of a soulja

[Chorus]

[Chorus: softly in background 0.5X]

['Pac speaking over background]
Straight soulja, 1993, and forward..

##newsong##

You know they got me trapped in this prison of seclusion
Happiness, living on tha streets is a delusion
Even a smooth criminal one day must get caught
Shot up or shot down with tha bullet that he bought
Nine millimeter kickin' thinking about what tha streets do
to me
Cause they never talk peace in tha black community
All we know is violence, do tha job in silence
Walk tha city streets like a rat pack of tyrants
Too many brothers daily heading for tha big penn
Niggas commin' out worse offthan when they went in
Over tha years I done alot of growin' up
Getten drunk thrown' up
Cuffed up
Then I said I had enough
There must be another route, way out
To money and fame, I changed my name
And played a different game
Tired of being trapped in this vicious cycle
If one more cop harrasses me I just might go psycho
And when I gettem
I'll hittem with tha bum rush
Only a lunatic would like to see his skull crushed
Yo, if your smart you'll really let me go 'G'
But keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch tha uzi
They got me trapped....

[Chorus]

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

They got me trapped
Can barely walk tha city streets
Without a cop harrassing me, searching me
Then asking my identity
Hands up, throw me up against tha wall
Didn't do a thing at all
I'm tellen you one day these suckers gotta fall
Cuffed up throw me on tha concrete
Coppers try to kill me
But they didn't know this was tha wrong street
Bang bang, down another casualty
But it's a cop who's shot there's brutality
Who do you blame?
It's a shame because tha mans slain
He got caught in tha chains of his own game
How can I feel guilty after all tha things they did to me
Sweated me, hunted me
Trapped in my own community
One day i'm gonna bust
Blow up on this society
Why did ya lie to me ?
I couldn't find a trace of equality
Work me like a slave while they laid back
Homie don't play that
It's time I lett'em suffer tha payback
I'm tryin to avoid physical contact
I can't hold back, it's time to attack jack
They got me trapped

[Chorus]

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

Now i'm trapped and want to find a getaway
All I need is a 'G' and somewhere safe to stay
Can't use tha phone 
Cause i'm sure someone is tappin in
Did it before
Ain't scared to use my gat again
I look back at hindsite the fight was irrelevant
But now he's tha devils friend
Too late to be tellin' him
He shot first and i'll be damned if I run away
Homie is done away I should of put my gun away
I wasn't thinkin' all I heard was tha ridicule
Girlies was laughin', Tup sayin "Damn homies is dissin you"
I fired my weapon
Started steppin' in tha hurricane
I got shot so I dropped
Feelin' a burst of pain
Got to my feet
Couldn't see nothin' but bloody blood
Now i'm a fugitive to be hunted like a murderer
Ran through an alley
Still lookin' for my getaway
Coppers said Freeze, or you'll be dead today
Trapped in a corner
Dark and I couldn't see tha light
Thoughts in my mind was tha nine and a better life
What do I do ?
Live my life in a prison cell
I'd rather die than be trapped in a living hell
They got me trapped

[Chorus]

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped

##newsong##


("Hard like an erection..." -- Ed O.G.) Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...")
("...ain't shit to fool with" -- Ice Cube)
("Hard like an erection...") Young black male!
("...ain't shit to fool with")
[runs backwards] Young black male!

[2Pac] Yes niggaz... yes niggaz... yes niggaz

Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...") Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...") ("...ain't shit to fool with")
("Hard like an erection...") Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...") ("...ain't shit to fool with")

[2Pac] Go nigga, go!!

[Verse One:]

Young black male
I try to effect by kicking the facts
and stacking much mail
I'm packing a gat cuz guys wanna jack
and fuck goin to jail
Cuz I ain't equipped to stop how I look
I don't sell ya-yo
They teachin a brother like I was in books
Follow me into a flow
I'm sure you know, which way to go
I'm hittin em out of the dopes
So slip on the slope, let's skip on the flow
I'm fuckin the sluts and hoes
The bigger the butts the tighter the clothes
The gimminy jimminy grows
Then whaddya know, it's off with some clothes
Rowd when the crowd says hoe
That let's me know, they know I can flow
Love when they come to my shows
I get up and go, with skins before
When I'm collecting my dough
I never respect, the one that I back
The quicker the nigga can rap
The bigger the check, now watch how they sweat
What kind of style is that?
The style of a mack, and ready to jack
I rendered up piles of black
The wacker the pack, the fatter the smack
I hate it when real nigga bust
They hate when I cuss, they threaten to bust
I had enough of the fuss
I bust what I bust, and cuss when I must
They gave me a charge for sales
For selling the tales... of young black males

Yes nigga, N-I-G-G-A niggaz

Ay nigga you can't handle that shit!
Pass that man!

Hit that shit, that's the shit!

It smell like skunk, skunk smell like that nigga momma

We ain't nuttin but some low down dirty niggaz
Keep it real nigga, fuck you nigga!
You ain't givin me near a dime on this real motherfucker
Fuck St. Ide's it's an Old E thing baby
Strictly some of that Hennesee

Can I drink with you fellas? Can I get it on it?

Fuck you capo. You ain't in baby.

I tell you what! You guys are not gonna be talking
all that shit, when I come back, OK?
We gonna say who the big mouth, when I come back

YOUNG BLACK MALE!


Suge Shot Me
[church bells ring in background]
In today's music news: the ever controversial Tupac Shakur has
just released another album under the alias Makaveli.
Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artist
street dates, in fear of a wipeout in retail interchart movement.
Although no one knows the exact cause of the new album;
resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers
have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character
of not only Mr. Shakur, but of Death Row Records as well.
Nas, the alleged ring leader of it, is furious at Tupac
excuse me Makaveli's verbal assault
on Mobb Sleep, Notorius P.I.G., and several other New York rappers
Jay-Z, from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever
and several other corny sounding motherfuckers
are understandably shaken up by this release.
The question everbody wants to know is -- 
why'd they get this nigga started?
Tupac, rather Makaveli, was not available for comment
but released this statement:

[Makaveli]
It's not about East or West
It's about niggaz and bitches, power and money, 
riders and punks. Which side are you on?

[gun cocked, six shots, bullets hit ground]
These niggaz is still fuckin talkin?
You niggaz still breathin? Fuckin roaches, aight
Aight, it's the Raid for your cockroaches

(All day, everyday)
It's the raid for you punk motherfuckers
(The pump in yo' ass)
This is it nigga! Killuminati style
(Outlaw lifestyle)
Makaveli the Don, solo shit - bring it!

[Makaveli]
Allow me to introduce first {*gunshot fires*} Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like the holy Qu'Ran
Niggaz get shook like 5-0
My forty-five gun's next to me when we ride, for survival
Money makin plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes cause they breath freely, see me ride?
Located world wide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Born on a dopefiend's titty.. huh
In every city you'll find me
Look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggaz down to die for me, knahmean?
I hit the scene niggaz duckin from my guillotine stare
I'm right there; my every word, a fuckin nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs down to die for yours
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in 'em
Cut 'em down.. to Hell is where we send 'em
My whole team, trained to explode ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically, and I'm not gon' cry
Me - a born leader never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them my bitch nigga eaters
And not a whimper 'til I'm gone
Thug Life runnin through my veins so I'm strong
(Ha ha ha)

Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggaz but I'm not gon' cry
I'm a Bad Boy killa, Jay-Z die too 
Lookin out for Mobb Deep, nigga when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggaz down to die for me? Yeahh-yeayy!
West coast ridah, comin right behind ya
Should've never fucked wit meeee
I want money hoes sex and weeeed
I wont rest till my road dawgs freeee, bomb first!

[Chorus]
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first

[E.D.I. Amin]
For so many days and some many ways we've been duckin strays
They delivers, but we still some Bad Boy killers
Got nuttin to lose, I gots no where to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli, be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission
Sent to do, what you'll never do
and that's ride for the cause
Yes I'll die for the cause
Ya best believe if I'ma leave this bitch
Yo I'm dyin with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a muh'fuckin Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game, for the motherfuckin cash mayne
then what is your motherfuckin purpose? None can serve us
E.D.I. Amin born worthless
That's until the day, I decided to bomb first BEATCH!!

[Young Noble]
Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin patent leather
Causin massive terror, y'all niggaz lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper half drug kingpin
Yer tellin fairy tales dunn
"King of New York," like you the motherfuckin one?
But I'm from Jerz and we don't play that shit
From the Claire down to Newark Bricks, all my niggaz flippin chips
Gettin rich, even though it's hard
Tryin to creep through these halls and brawls
without scarred by a revolv'
with no warnin signs, cause yo my man took five
Now I'm the young one with the nine, ready to put in my time

[Makaveli]
Shoot first, look at they head burst bleedin
Don't want to hear no shit this evenin, believe me
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
G's, and thug niggaz on the rise
Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
G's, and thug niggaz on the rise
Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first


##newsong##


[Makaveli]
Makaveli in this... Killuminati, all through your body
The blow's like a twelve gauge shotty
Uh, feel me!
And God said he should send his one begotten son
to lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me; eat my flesh, flesh and my flesh

[Chorus (Makaveli):]
Come with me, Hail Mary
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

[Makaveli]
I ain't a killer but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God hoping that he's listening
Seeing niggas coming for me, to my diamonds, when they glistening
Now pay attention, rest in peace father
I'm a ghost in these killing fields
Hail Mary catch me if I go, let's go deep inside
the solitary mind of a madman who screams in the dark
Evil lurks, enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break, to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupted, fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit, plus
mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust
It's just as well, Hail Mary

[Chorus 2X]

[Makaveli]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realize the precious time the bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalized I lived my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble, we balling
Catch me father please, cause I'm falling, in the liquor store
That's the Hennessee I hear ya calling, can I get some more?
Hail 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checking in my bedroom; I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do
One life to live but I got nothing to lose, just me and you
on a one way trip to prison, selling drugs
We all wrapped up in this living, life as Thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max, doing they bid
Raise hell to this real shit, and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be down in the dark
Thuggin eternal through my heart, now Hail Mary nigga

[Chorus 2X]

[Kastro]
They got a APB, out on my Thug family
Since the Outlawz run these streets, like these skanless freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K blasted off Hennessee and Thai
Trying it, mixed it, now I'm twisted blisted and high
Visions of me, Thug living getting me by
Forever live, and I multiply survived by Thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they coming with slugs

[Young Noble]
Peep the whole scene and whatever's going on around me
Brain kinda cloudy, smoked out feeling rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever in that motherfucker
Nasty new street, slugger my heat seeks suckers
on the regular mashing in a stolen black Ac Integ-ra
Cock back, sixty seconds 'til the draw that's when I'm dead in ya
Feet first, you got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a Thug to preaching church, I gave you love now you eating dirt
Needing work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
Cause word is bond when I was broke I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
hold ya head and stay up, to all my niggas get ya pay and weight up

[Kastro]
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate

[Chorus (repeats in background)]

[Prince Ital]
We've been traveling on this wayward road
Long time 'til I be take a 'eavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, Hail Mary
We won't worry everything will come real
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry everything will come real
Yes we free like the bird in the tree
We running from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, Hail Mary

[Chorus]

[Makaveli]
Westside, Outlawz, Makaveli the Don, Solo, Killuminati, The 7 Days

##newsong##

[Tupac]
The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin war we got
My other Capo in this big ass, conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who he comin through right now, Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

(Toss it up!)
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supllied yo' phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversatin, we relaxin, kickin back
Got you curious for Thug Passion, now picture that
Tongue kissin, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you movin in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweatin up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespectin when I tongue kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, gettin busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your, hips and glide
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got ya lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shakin back-breakin when we're tossin it up

[K-Ci, JoJo]
In this baby, I like the way it's goin down
When all that is around, slip slide ride
Givin me love nice like
Female I like, what I wanna give all night
You and me alone everybody's gone toss it up
Baby let's, get it on!
I like the way you please me, babe
The sexy way you tease me, sugar
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me, I like the way you give it to me!

[Chorus: K-Ci, JoJo]

I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
[repeat 4X w/ variations]
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
[repeat 4X w/ variations]

[K-Ci, JoJo]
Ohhh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm that want you lady
Ohhh, don't act so shady, baby your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thang, you make me wanna sang
Girl you make my bells rang, make them go ting-a-ling!
Now the man, I'm here again
Don't worry to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady lady
Your body the kind I like-ah
Big booty to the lung delight-ah
Bag it up yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me!!

[Chorus 1/2]

[Tupac]
Do you want me what's your phone number, I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin for paydays
No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plottin Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gon' run to?
Lookin for suckers cause you similar
Pretendin to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screamin Compton, but you can't return, you ain't heard
Brothers pissed cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, cause we Untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushin you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust, only time reveals -- toss it up!

[Chorus w/ variations]

[Tupac]
Play on playa, play on
How can some non-players do a song about Compton
and then wanna do a player song?
How can non-players do it? (We not little kids, we not playin)
Tellin lies, who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touchin us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street boy
It's on
Toss it up, we took you on, and we took y'all beat
You know we beat you down, and we took y'all beat
Cause you wasn't rockin it right
Tired of suckers rockin it, toss it up, is how we did it
Yeah, toss it up now!

##newsong##

[Dominique] Street Science, you're on the air [static]
What do you feel when you hear a record like Tupac's new one? [static]
[Man responds] I love Tupac's new record [static]
[Dominique]
Right, but don't you feel like that creates [static]
a tension between East and West? [static]
He's talking about killing people [static]
I had sex with your wife and not in those words [static]
but he's talking about I wanna see you deceased [static]

[Intro: Makaveli]
No doubt... to live and die in LA
California -- what you say about Los Angeles
Still the only place for me that never rains in the sun and everybody got love

[Verse One: Makaveli]
To live and die in LA, where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggas hustle for the cash so it's hard to knock it
Everybody got they own thang, currency chasing
Worldwide through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury niggas close to heart
What was a friend now a ghost in the dark, cold hearted about it
Nigga got smoked by a fiend, trying to floss on him
Blind to a broken man's dream, a hard lesson
Court cases keep me guessing, plea bargain ain't an option now,
So I'm stressing, cost me more to be free than a life in the pen
Making money off of cuss words, writing again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down Sunset liking the scene
What's the worst they could do to a nigga got me lost in hell
To live and die in LA on bail, my angel sing

[Chorus: Val Young]
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it, what everybody wanna see
[repeat 2X]

[Verse Two: Makaveli]
It's the City of Angels and constant danger
South Central LA, can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera, on the curb
Watching the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggas getting three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen the right across from hell, I can't cry
'cause it's on now, I'm just a nigga on his own now
Living life Thug style, so I can't smile
Writing to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinking Cali just fun and bitches, ha ha ha
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggas copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love woman
'cause every nigga in LA got a little bit of Thug in him
We might fight amongst each other, but I promise you this
We'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed
To live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Makaveli]
'cause would it be LA without Mexicans?
Black love brown pride and the sets again
Pete Wilson trying to see us all broke, I'm on some bullshit
Out for everything they owe, remember K-DAY
Weekends, Crenshaw -- MLK
Automatics rang free, niggas lost they way
Gang signs being showed, nigga love your hood
But recognize and it's all good, where the weed at?
Niggas getting shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this motherfucker perved out, M.O.B.
Big Suge in the Low-Low, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex, with a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggas with me, OFTB
They got some hash took the stash left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tre, Head Ron, Punchy too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hoping it pay
Getting high watching time fly, to live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)

[Chorus]

[Outro: Makaveli]
This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumping my shit
Making my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum, he he
This go out to all the magazines that supported me
All the real motherfuckers
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all you all motherfuckers
LA, California Love part motherfucking Two
Without gay ass Dre

##newsong##


[This Week in Bible Prophecy]
God has a plan -- and the bible unfolds that wonderful plan
through the message of prophecy
God sent Jesus into this world to be our saviour
And that Christ is returning, someday soon
to unfold the wonderful plan of eternity, for my life and your life
As long as we're cooperating with God
by accepting Jesus Christ as our personal Lord and saviour
And as the Lord does return in the coming seven days
We'll see you next time here on This Week in Bible Prophecy

[Tupac]
Tupac don't start that blasphemy in here!
Makaveli, the new breed -- and I remember what my pops told me
The new word, follow me -- remember what my pops told me

My family tree, consists of drug dealers, thugs and killers
Strugglin, known to hustle screamin fuck they feelings
I got advice from my father, all he told me was this
Niggaz, get off your ass if you plan to be rich
There's ten rules to the game, but I'll share with you two
Know, niggaz gon' hate you for whatever you do
Now rule one -- get your cash on, M.O.B.
That's Money Over Bitches, cause they breed envy
Now rule two is a hard one, watch for phonies
Keep yo', enemies close nigga, watch yo' homies
It seemed a little unimportant, when he told me I smiled
Picture jewels being handed, to an innocent child
I never knew in my lifetime I'd live by these rules
Initiated as an outlaw, studying rules
Now papa ain't around, so I gotta recall
or come to grips with bein on my enemy's wall (rest in peace)
Promised if I have a seed, I'ma guide him right
Dear Lord don't let me die tonite
I got words for my comrades, listen and learn
Ain't nuttin free, give back what you earn, no doubt
Gettin higher than a motherfucker, blessed and pleased
This Thug Life'll be the death of me, c'mon, yeah

And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy

[Chorus: Prince Ital]

Love for dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie but holdin my bird in a cloud
Usin de name of de Lord in vein
While de people in de ghetto, feel nuff pain

[Tupac]
We probably in Hell already, our dumb asses not knowin
Everybody kissin ass to go to heaven ain't goin
Put my soul on it, I'm fightin devil niggaz daily
Plus the media be crucifying brothers severly
Tell me I ain't God's son, nigga mom a virgin
We got addicted had to leave the burbs, back in the ghetto
doin wild shit, lookin at the sun don't pay
Criminal mind all the time, wait for Judgment Day
They say Moses split the Red Sea
I split the blunt and rolled the fat one, I'm deadly -- Babylon beware
Comin from the Pharoahe's kids, retaliation
Makin legends off the shit we did, still bullshittin
Niggaz in Jerusalem, waitin for signs
God promised, she's just takin her time, haha
Living by the Nile while the water flows
I'm contemplating plots wondering which door to go
Brothas getting shot, comin back resurrected
It's just that raw shit, nigga check it (that raw shit)

And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy

[Chorus]

[Tupac]
The preacher want me buried why? Cause I know he a liar
Have you ever seen a crackhead, that's eternal fire
Why you got these kids minds, thinkin that they evil
while the preacher bein richer you say honor God's people
Should we cry, when the Pope die, my request
We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X
Mama tell me am I wrong, is God just another cop
waitin to beat my ass if I don't go pop?
Memories of a past time, givin up cash
to the leaders, knowin damn well, it ain't gonna feed us
In my brain how can you explain, time in D.C.
It's hard enough to live now, in these times of greed
They say Jesus is a kind man, well he should understand
times in this crime man, my Thug nation
Do whatchu gotta do but know you gotta change
Try to find a way to make it out the game
I live decent, hope God can see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? I leave this here
I live decent, hope God see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? And my people say

[Chorus 4X]

Our father, who art in heaven
Hallow be thy name
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
In earth, as it is in heaven
Give us this day, our daily bread
As we give up our debts
As we forgive our debt-ors
Lead us not into temptation
but deliver us, unevil
For God, is the kingdom, and the power
and the glory forever, and ever, and ever



##newsong##

In the life we live as thugs,
Everbody fuckin wit us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man.
Ridin wit my gun in hand.

Why explain the game? Niggas ain't listenin.
Stuck in positions. If victims can't stand the heat,
Then stay the fuck out the kitchen.
Have these bustas switchin, lookin at me mean.
Itchin, givin suckas plenty space.
Have these bitch niggas snitchin.
Where are we now? Guns found daily.
The feds surely hope that they could finally nail me for sellin dope.
They backwards, make tracks burst whenever I rap.
Attack. Words bein known to explode on contact.
Extreme at times. Blinded by my passion and fury.
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin my jewelry.
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me. Truely effective.
The shit you heard ain't do me justice. Got a death wish, bitch.
Run up, face me and trace wit an infared beam.
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team.
Ain't nobody holdin you back. Explode the track to confetti.
Unload it. Cuz niggas ain't ready. The life of an outlaw.

[Chorus repeats]

Code 3. Attack formation. Pull out your pistols.
Keep an eye out for the devils cuz they itchin to get you.
Mercy to this madman screamin kamikaze in tongue.
Automatic gunfire makin all my enemies run.
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin.
Indeed the possibility has part a chase in cream.
Dope got me hatin fiends. Scheam wit my team, just a chosen few.
My foes victim of explosives. Come closer. Exhale the fumes.
We got memories fadin fast. A slave for cash.
Accelerate, mash, blast, then dash.
Don't look now. How you like it, raw.
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the outlaws. Never surrender.
Death is for a son to stay free. I'm thugged out.
Fuck the world cuz this is how they made me.
Scarred but still breathin.
Believe in me and you could see the victory.
A warrior with jewels. Will you picture me?
Life of and outlaw.

[Chorus repeats]

City under siege. It's like I can't even breathe.
I'm from the state of car theives. G, deep from the street.
Plenty beef. I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene.
Mobb Deep. This nigga from behind tryin to creep.
No halfs wit no straps, jack.
It's on to bounce back.
And an ounce so fat, they snatch my style ?
Get this grip wit hollows to get cha.
Snip wit clippers. Get the picture?
I wrote my life down like a scripture.

And I'm still on lost in the land of the lonely.
Where ain't nobody holy. A matter of a fact, we unholy.
Everybody livin soley for themselves. Too hostile on a land hell.
Somebody need me. You know we lost hope and we needin it.
Wit the evil it's forever. But it might be low down, scandalouz
Like a tramp is. All for the street fame on how to be managed.
To plan shit. 6 months in advaced to what we plotted.
Approved to go on swole and now I got it.

Un uh, crack my window. Knowin they'd love to catch Kastro sleepin.
Attach a strap under my pillow and a hand like we freakin.
Creepin deep into morning. Peepin out the weak.
While they yawnin and let my cloud speak for it's self.
No doubt. Outlaw. Outta my mind, outta time. You're all blind.
Some kind of life of mine Kato don't mind.
Findin it funny, matter of fact, cuz it is.
Perhaps finally I look at that true over the years as an outlaw.
Eh, Noble.
What's up nigga.
Would you die for me, nigga?
Hell yeah.
Would you kill for me?
On my grandmother, nigga.
Ah yo.
What's up.
Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now.
Watch out.

Well now they all say they roaches and parasites.
Snakes and all they might
Thug Life break night.
Drink till we fist fight.
Life or death. But you can't win with a vest.
But there won't be no breathing for the reason
Punk bitch on your breath.
I see day is dark and I admit it's dark.
So chase ?
Beware foolin marks.
And yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left for PO's belly.
And let me bust back to them niggas till they all sweaty.

##newsong##


[Spoken:]
[Makaveli] 
Outlawz (go ahead), in this
Makaveli the Don up in this
No doubt, Death Row / Makaveli Records

[E.D.I]
You can call me daddy
Ugh - I'll be ya daddy
That's right
JUST LIKE DADDY

For tha ladies

[Chorus]
Come with me and in time we'll grow 
Dedicating slow jams on the radio...I --
Know you're happy I can feel the passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby I can take away your pain
If you trust me 
Close your eyes and feel the magic 
Never leave when you need me
I'll do you just like daddy

[E.D.I]
I met her when she was young
Her real daddy died when she was younger
Her moms let her do what she pleased 
And seen no one loved her
Her eyes shinin' love
A diamond in the rough
The kind that you can love
Not yet touched with so much...
Potential
Youngster let me guide your mental
Into a place
Where the sourness of pain you'll never taste
by God's grace
You was born with that face
Nothin' but pure beauty
So for an eternity I feel it's my duty
To be your SOULJAH
Yeah baby got plans to mold ya
In the coldest nights is when I hold ya
Like I'm supposed ta
As we grow closer
I'll take your hand gladly
Anything you need ask me
Spoil my baby girl just like daddy

[2PAC]
To alleviate the stress, spendin' time with you
I feel blessed
When you gone, feel a pain so strong -
Deep in my chest
When I got arrested
Came so close to goin' to jail
Throwin' blows at the po-po's 
Breakin' your nails
Screamin' loud, goin' all out
Damn, I dig
You stay locked down at mom's house
Watchin' the kids
Through the whole bid
In the V-I
I see ya daily
When my fake homies try to fuck you
You run and tell me
That's why I stay committed
I thank God every time I hit it
Hopin' you'll forgive me for the times I've bullshitted
Me and you against the world
We untouchable 
Screamin' like you're dyin' every time I'm fuckin' you
You never had a father or a family
But I'll be there
No need to fear 
So much insanity
And through the years
I know you gave me your heart, and plus
When I'm dirt broke and fucked up
You still love me

[Chorus]
Come with me and in time we'll grow 
Dedicating slow jams on the radio...I --
Know you're happy I can feel your passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby I can take away your pain
If you trust me 
Close your eyes and feel tha magic 
Never leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

[Kadafi]

Boo would ya - die for me?
Down - holdin' my pistol 
Gettin high' with me 
Sounds tougher than bristle
But when you cry
I'll be your tissue
Back in the county 
Writing letters how I miss you
Givin' you credit
Apologetic
"How I diss you?"
'Cause you for thinkin' like a minor
Ain't on the level of this old timer
Daddy ready to wine ya and dine ya
Lace you from toe to Platania
And still
Be right behind ya - truth
Like just me and you no tellin what we could do
Gettin' high between the sheets
Make this shit right here discrete
Puttin' hickies on ya belly while we fuckin on the beach
I love it when ya nut up and grab me
I feel for ya badly, baby girl just like daddy

[Young Noble]
Shorty I lend my hand out to help ya
Lost soul lookin' for shelter
On the late night accept ya
treat ya good won't disrespect ya
My age is young
Out of place bitch 
Callin' days is done
From a tricksy to a missy
You know I raised ya hon'
Placed her under my wing
Showed her how we swing
Now she rollin' blunts for her king
One day labeled thug misses
The essence of my ghetto sistas
hugs and kisses
Destined for me to be a father figure

[Chorus 4x]
Come with me and in time we'll grow 
Dedicating slow jams on the radio...I --
Know you're happy I can feel your passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby I can take away your pain
If you trust me 
Close your eyes and feel the magic 
Never leave when you need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?

Throw ya hands in the air

Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?

Throw ya hands in the air

Outlawz in this mothafucka
No doubt

Kadafi
Hussein
Makaveli
Napoleon
Marvaless
EDI
Kastro
Khameleon
Storm

Yeah the bitch check
No doubt
Get your money nigga
Get your mothafuckin money nigga
Come On

Just like daddy baby
You know you got somewhere to go from now on
Come to the thug nigga
The thug nigga that love niggas

Outlawz baby
Outlawz
Outlaw
Throw your hands in the motherfuckin air!

##newsong##


[Intro]
Hand me a cigarette DAWG! [inhales]
They got me feelin crazier than a motherfucker
I got Bad Ass in this motherfucker
Makaveli the Don, representin the Outlawz
Bad Azz representin' the L.B.C. Crew
What you wanna do? 
You know how we do it

[overlapping the Intro]
Time goes by
.. puffin on lye
Hopin that it get me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

[Chorus]
Time goes by, puffin on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

(Tell 'em bout it)

[2Pac]
Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Hold my head against the wall learnin right from wrong
They say my ghetto intrumental, detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me, for the outcome, ban my records - check it
Don't have to bump this but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned into a plus, now they stuck livin blinded
Hennesey got me feelin bad, time to stop drinkin
Rollin, in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin?
Sittin in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way but still I got so far to go
Dear mama, don't worry; I'ma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu, that I love her, but it's hard to take
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak - all I heard was

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

(One, two, three, four)

[2Pac]
I see bloods and crips runnin' up the hill
Lookin for a better wayyyyyy..
My brothers and sisters it's time to build
'cause even thug niggaz prayyyyyy..
Hopin' God hear me, 
I entered the game; 
look how much I changed
I'm no longer innocent - casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
when I gave her the keys to her own house, this your land
Your only son done became a man
Watchin time fly; I love my people do or die
But I wonder why, we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga get paid."
No one can understand me - the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he died, I could hear him say, c'mon..

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Bad Ass]
God help me out here, cause I'm posessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
Cause money's like a stong prescription drug, it's got me addicted
to the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
Somethin bout the paper wit the pictures of the president's, head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin money cause it's cursed
Makin money makes a difference day by day so I gotta stay
paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin' to live
No matter how hard you try to see death, you gotta die
A lot of my, peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life do 'em right, or did life leave 'em dumb
Who has the answers? I wonder; I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell them
or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) Cause they don't even know
A million thangs run through my mind..
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin time..

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Chorus repeats while Tupac speaks below]

[2Pac]
I'm feelin' fucked up in this bitch.
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate tye, indo, Hawaiian, lambsbread, buddha, all that shit
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker, and Hennesey don't help
and Hennesey don't help - Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin it down to the fullest, maximum overload
3 Day Theory - Killuminati to your body
with the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs

One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(One time for my niggaz locked up)
One time for my niggaz doin life in hell
(One time for my niggaz and shit, one time)
One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(One time)
One time for my niggaz doin life in hell
(One time for my niggaz locked down)
One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(For my niggaz locked up, one time)
One time for my niggaz on Death Row
(One time for my niggaz on the Row)
For my niggaz on Death Row
One time for my niggaz livin, broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.!)
One time for my niggaz livin, broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggaz in the.. jail cell
(Get high, puffin on lye, wonder if it get me high)
(Yeah, yeah, crazy..)

##newsong##
I ain't saying I'm innocent of all this
I'm just saying
This song is for y'all
For all the times I mess up
when we mess up

Dear sister
Got me twisted up in prison
I miss you
Crying
Looking at my nieces and my newphews picture
They say don't let this cruel world get you
Kinda suspicious,
Swearing one day you might leave me
for someone that's richer
Twist the cap off the bottle
I Take a sip And see tommorrow
Gotta make it if I have to Beg and Borrow
Reading love letters
late night, locked down, and quiet
If brothers don't receive their mail
Best believe we riot
Eating Jack mat
Staring at walls of Silence
Inside this cage
Where they captured all my rage and violence
In time I learned a few lessons
Never fall for riches
Apologizes to my TRUE sisters
Far from bitches
Help me raise my black nation
Reparations are due
Its true
Caught up in this world
I took advantage of you
So tell the babies how I love them
Precious boys and girls
Born black in this white mans world
and all I heard was

[Chorus]

Who knows what tommorrow brings
In this world where everyone lies
Where to go
No matter how far I find
To let you know
That You're not alone

Being born with less
I must confess
Only adds on to the stress
Two gunshots to my homies head
Died in his rest
Shot him to death
and Left him bleeding for his family to see
I pass his casket
Gently asking
Is there heaven for G's?
My homeboys doing life
His baby's mama be stressing
Shedding tears
When her son finally ask that questions
Where my daddy at?
Mama, Why we live so poor?
Why you crying?
Heard you late night
Through my bedroom door
Now do you love me mama?
Why do they keep calling me nigger?
Get my weight up, with my hate
and pay 'em back when I'm bigger
Still thugging in this jail cell
Missing my block
Hearing brothers screaming all night
Wishing they'd stop
Proud to be black
But why do we act like
We don't love ourselves
Don't look around
buster (you sucker)
Check yourselves
know what if means to be black
whether a man or girl
we're still struggling in this
White man's world

[Chorus]

(we must fight)
Who knows what tommorrow brings
In this world where everyone lies
Where to go
No matter how far I find
To let you know
That You're not alone

So tell me why you changed
Choosing new direction
In a blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection
You think I'd die
Not gonna cry
Why should I care
Like we holding on to lost love
That's no longer there
Can you please help me
God Bless me please
Keep my seeds healthy
Banging on my enemies Bleed
While my G's wealthy
Hoping they bury me
With ammunition, weed, and shells
Just in case they trip in heaven
Ain't no G's hell
Sister sorry for the pain
That I caused your heart
I know I'll change
If you help me
But Don't fall apart
Rest In Peace
To Latasha, Little Yummy, and Kato
To much for this cold world to take
Ended up being fatal
Every women in America
Especially Black
Bear with me, can't you see
We're under attack
I never meant to cause drama
To my sister and Mama
Will we make it
To better times

In this white man worlds

[Chorus]

[Along with revolutionary talking]

##newsong##


[Lady of Rage:]
Sheeit, you motherfuckin' right
I'm the bitch that's keepin it live and keepin it hot
When you punk ass niggaz don't
Nigga Westside, WHAT! Bring it on

[Tupac:]
Look for me
Lost in the whirlwind, ninety-six, Bonnie and Clyde
Me and my girlfriend, do one-eighty-five when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin, born as a ghetto child
Raised in this whirlwind (c'mon)
Our childhood years recall the tears heart laced with venom
Smokin sherm, drinkin malt liquor, father forgive her
Me and my girlfriend, hustlin, fell in love with the struggle
Hands on the steering wheel, blush, while she bail out bustin
Fuck em all, watch em fall screamin, automatic gunfire
Exorcisin all demons
Mafias on the side, my congregation high, ready to die
We bail out to take the jail back, niggaz united
Our first date, couldn't wait to see you naked
Touch you in every secret place, I can hardly wait
To bust freely, got you red hot, you so happy to see me
Make the frontpage primetime live on TV
Nigga my girlfriend, baby forty-five but she still live
One shot make a nigga's heartbeat stop

[Lady of Rage:]
What! I'm bustin on you punk ass niggaz [automatic gunfire]
Run nigga run! [gunfire] I'm on yo' ass nigga! [gunfire continues]
Run nigga, duck and hide! Nigga I'm bustin all you bitches!
Run nigga, yeah! Westside! Uh uh uh! Die nigga die!

[Tupac:]
My girlfriend, blacker than the darkest night
When niggaz act bitch-made she got the heart to fight
Nigga my girlfriend, though we seperated at times
I knew deep inside, baby girl would always be mine
Picked you up when you was nine, started out my life of crime
With you, bought you some shells when you turned twenty-two
It's true, nothin compares to the satisfaction
That I feel when we out mashin, me and my girlfriend

[Chorus: Tupac]

All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end, just me and my girlfriend
[x2]

[Tupac:]
I was too immature
To understand your ways, inexperienced back in the days
Caused so many arguments and strays
Now I realize how to treat ya, the secret to keep ya
Bein faithful now cause now cheatin's lethal
We closer than the hands of time, deeper than the drop of mankind
I trust you dearly, I shoot blind
In time I clock figures, droppin niggaz as we rise
We all soldiers in God's eyes - now it's time for war
Never leave me baby, I'm paranoid, sleepin witcha
Loaded by my bedside crazy
Jealous when you hang with the fellas, I wait patiently alone
Anticipated for the moment you come home
I'm waitin by the phone this is true love, I can feel it
I've had a lot of women in my bed, but you the realeast
So if you ever need me call, I'll be there through it all
You're the reason I can stand tall, me and my girlfriend

[Chorus]

[Tupac:]
I love finger fuckin you, all of a sudden I'm hearin thunder
When you bust a nut, niggaz be duckin or takin numbers
Love to watch you at a block party, beggin for drama
While unleashin on the old timers, that's on my mama
I would trade my life for yours, behind closed doors
The only girl that I adore, everything I'm askin for
Talkin to me beggin me to just, take you around
Seventeen like Brandy you just Wanna Be Down
Talkin loud when I tell you be quiet you move the crowd
Bustin rounds, activatin a riot, that's why I love you so
No control, down to roll, unleash
After a hit you break apart, then back to one piece
Much love to my one and only girlfriend, the world is ours
Just hold me down, baby witness the power
Never leave a nigga alone, I love you black or chrome
Turn this house into a happy home, me and my girlfriend

[Chorus x3]

Lost in the whirlwind, ninety-six, Bonnie and Clyde
Me and my girlfriend, do one-eighty-five when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin, born as a ghetto child
Raised in the whirlwind - look for me
[x3]

Lost in the whirlwind, ninety-six, Bonnie and Clyde
Me and my girlfriend
[x2]

Me and my girlfriend!

##newsong##

My homeboys in Clinton And Rikers Island
Mumia Atumie, Gerino Pratt,
All the political Prisoners
San Quiton

"Can you see him?"
"I See Him"

[2Pac:] "I'm Alive"

Yeah
One Thug, One Thug

How do we keep the music playing

One Thug, One Thug

I wake up early in the morning
My state so Military
Suckers Fantasize, Pictures of a
Young Brother Buried
Was it me, The Weed, Or this life I lead
If daytime is for suckers then
Tonight we breathe
Out for all that
Knowing that this world brings drawbacks
Look how this shit bumps
Once I deliver these war raps
Meet me at the cemetery
Dressed in Black
Tonight we
Honor the dead those who won't be back
So if I die do the same for me
Shed no tear
An Outlaw, thug living in this game,
for years
Why worry,
Hope to god
Get me high
When I'm buried
Knowing deep inside only a few love me
Come rush me to the gates of heaven
Let me picture for a while
How I live for my days, as a child
I wonder now
How do we outlast, always get cash
Stay strong if we all mash
Hold Your head

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
How do we get ahead
To many young black brothers are dying
Living Fast, too fast

These felonies be like prophecies
Begging me to stop
Cause These lawyers getting money
Everytime they knock us
Slashing pockets lyrically
Suckers fleed when they notice
Switched my name to Makaveli
Half the rap game closed
Expose foes, with my hocus pocus flows
They froze
Now suckers idealize my chosen Blows
More money mean litigating
More Player hating
Got a cell at the penn for me waiting
Is this my fate
Miss me with that mistermeaner thinking
Me fall back
Never That
Too much Tequilla drinking
We all that
Make them understand me
Hey I'll stay all night out with my Posse
Everyone roll with me is family
Cause everybodies got me
Watch me paint a perfect vision
This life we living
Got us all meeting up in Prison
Last week I got a letter from my road dog
Written in Blood
Saying, "Please show a young player love"
Hold your head
Hold it

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
How do we get ahead
To many young black brothers are dying
Living Fast, too fast

God bless the child that can hold is own
Indeed
Enemies Bleed when I hold my chrome
Let these words be the last
to my unborn seeds
Hope to raise my young nation
In this world of greed
Currency means nothing if you still ain't free
Money breeds jealousy
Take the game from me
I hope for better days
Trouble comes naturally
Running from authorities
Till they capture me
And my AIM is to spread more smiles than tears
Utilize lessons learned from my childhood years
Maybe Mama had it all right
Rest your head
Straight conversation all night
Bless the dead
To the homies that I usta have
That no longer roll
Catch a brother at the crossroads
Plus nobody knows my soul
Watching time pass
Through the glass of my drop top Rolls
Hold your head

[Chorus]

##newsong##

One love, one love, one thug
One nation, twenty-one gun salute

I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke

Twenty-one gun salute, dressed in fatigue, black jeans and boots
Disappeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas thinks he live like me
Talkin bout he left the hospital took five like me
You living fantasies, nigga I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now we out of the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why nigga blowed them out
Next time grown folks talk, nigga close your mouth
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real players fall to let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy lets be honest you a punk or you will see me with gloves
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me bein a thug
You can tell the people you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's going on
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witness me strapped with Macs, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers trying to advance
It's all over now, take it like a man
Niggas lookin like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
Tryin to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick
Let it be known this is how you made me
Lovin how I got you niggas crazy

Against all odds
Hopin my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke, against all odds
Hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote

I heard he was light skinned, stocky with a Haitian accent
Jewelery, fast cars and he's known for flashing (What's his name???)
Listen while I take you back (NIGGA SAY HIS NAME!) and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was workin for the feds, same crime, different trials
Nigga, picture what he said, and did I mention
Promised a payback, Jimmy Henchman, in due time
I know you bitch niggas is listenin, The World Is Mine
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up
Heard the guns bust but you tricks never shut me up
Touch one of mine on everything I own
I'll destroy everything you touch, play the game nigga
All out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga, "WHY YOU LIE?!?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots too Tutt, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga this M-O-B
So believe me we enemies, I go against all odds

I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds

Puffy gettin robbed like a bitch, to hide the fact
he did some shit he shouldn't have did, so we ride em for that
And that nigga that was down for me, restin dead
Switch sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathin the dead
Lord listen to me
God don't like ugly, It Was Written
(ey yo Nas) Nas, your whole damn style is bitten 
You heard my melody, read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers
Now you wanna live my life, so what's the answer Nas?
Niggas that don't rhyme right, you've seen too many movies
Load em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie you die, GOODBYE
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me
What would you do if you was me nigga

Against all odds
I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
[repeat]

Against all odds
[Twenty-one gun salute]
One love to my true thug niggas (Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
Twenty-one gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representin to the fullest bein soldiers with military minds
that play the rules of the game, twenty-one gun salute
I salute you my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch made niggas, I'm comin for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is, nigga
You touch me I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers think that I forgot
Hell no I ain't forgot nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money behind me
Aight, I got my money right here, now I want war


[1] - [2Pac singing in background 2X]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Let's get ready to ruuumbllle!!)

[1] - [2Pac speaking over background]
Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
that get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches

[2] - [2Pac singing in background starts to overlap/repeat]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah / Got the police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah..

[2] - [2Pac speaking over background]
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind nigga
My ambitions as a ridah!
My ambitions as a ridah!

[2Pac]
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin without heart
Was born rough and rugged, addressin the mad public
My attitude was, "Fuck it," cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uhh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
while she hot, and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "Go to the tele hoe"
Equipped with money and a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smokin bomb-ass weed feelin crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin and prayers, to breakin motherfuckers to pay-up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes tried to play us
I'm on a meal-ticket mission, want a mil', so I'm wishin
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressin (boo-yaa!)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's manditory
No guts no glory my nigga bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the bidness so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches gettin suspicious
Started plottin and plannin on schemes, to come and trick us
But Thug niggaz be on point and game tight (yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart, wrap it up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggaz is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uhh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hopin you listen I catch you payin attention 
to my amibitions as a ridah

[Chorus: 2Pac]

[singing] I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
[singing] My ambitions as a ridah
[singing] Got the police bustin at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G 

[Tupac]
(I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah)
Peep it.. it was my only wish to rise
above these jealous coward mutherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screamin as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me (that's all you niggaz got?) witness my steel
Spittin at adversaries envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal thinkin thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flyin when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doin jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thuggin for life and if you right then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die to be a man you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]

[Tupac]
My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the Thugs before me
Pay off the block evade the cops cause I know they comin for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleeds
niggaz'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
didn't diminish my powers
so now I'm back to be a motherfuckin menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggaz on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
gettin much mail in jail, niggaz tellin me to kill it
Knowin when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a whoridah when I put the shit inside
the cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove I been it
Revenge on them niggaz that played me, 
and all the cowards that was down widdit
Now it's yo' nigga right beside ya
Hopin you listenin, catch you payin attention 
to my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus 2.5X]


##newsong##


[2Pac]
Ahh yeah
[Down]
Yeauhh!
[2Pac]
It's all about you, one time!
[Down]
I'ma say it's all about you baby, yeah
[2Pac]
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you
[Down]
This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac
YouknowhatI'msayin?
[2Pac]
It's all about you
[Down]
Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you
but you know I'm lyin though, hah! Yeauhh

[2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick; wanna laugh
At how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin with the wrong one, uh!
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin for some love
In every club, I see you starin like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin
Guess it's true what they tellin me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin Boo, is this is all about you

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
(Yeah nigga, ha ha ha ha!)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
with the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
cause we comin from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin through..
It's all about you.. hahaha, yeah nigga!
It's all about you!

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Outlawz]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty hoe
You think it's all about you? Well Boo
I gets Down like Dru and my nasty new niggaz, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Golddiggin, cold diggin a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin me
Runnin up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Snoop Doggy Dogg speaking over last two lines]
I'm tellin ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean.. god damn, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sittin back, watchin Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in, my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin out my homeboy Tupac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin?
And then yaknahmsayin what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
that was in, the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same hoe
Don't get mad, I'm only bein real
Yeah

##newsong##

[2Pac]	
Hey Nate you know you got to focus on this motherfucker
We's gonna talk about these scandalous hoes
[Nate]	
I can talk about scandalous bitches
[2Pac]	
Oh I know you can!
I know you that's why we gonna do it
Daz on the beat
Hey Daz, nigga stop fuckin around with the piano nigga
Just drop that shit like uhh, this here

[2Pac]
I met you through my homie now you act like you don't know me
So disappointed cause baby that shit was so phony
It's not for me, you see no lovin from my closest homies
Woulda paid you no mind, but baby you was all up on me
While you proceed with precision, you had the table hosed
No, I ain't mad at you baby, go 'head and play them fools
They chose not to listen, so now he stuck inside his house 
and can't leave without his bitch permission
The mission's to be a playa, my alias is Boss
Drop a top on these jealous niggaz, playa let me floss
Y'all don't wanna see me in pain
I'll leave that ass like Toni Braxton, "Never breathing again"
It's scandalous, I never liked your back stabbin ass, triiick
Used to watch you money grabbin, who you baggin beeyitch?
Ready to bust, in the city you don't know who to trust
But bitches lookin scandalous

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]

Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous

[2Pac]
How's it hangin? Cause baby from the back the shit is bangin
I've been stressin in this ghetto game, tryin to do my thang
Won't be no bullshit, no ass-kissin
This bitch'll have ya wakin up with all your cash missin
I'm askin, as if I'm qualified to analyze
You're lookin at a bitch who specialize in tellin lies
She got a body make a motherfucker fantasize
Her face ain't never shed a tear through them scandalous eyes
My sister ? in poverty
Plus I knew she was a freak bitch so why should it bother me?
I'd probably be sprung, addicted to the heat of her tongue
and though I don't where we're goin, she's makin me come
I've been trained as a boss playa, so what you sayin?
Let me show you, got some hookers we can toss later
Before I let her get me off guard
Went in the purse took a hundred dollars
Nigga I'm so scandalous

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
Dangerous and ambitious, while schemin on gettin riches
I'm spittin at tricks cause I'm addicted to pretty bitches
Currency motivated, not easily terminated
Now that we made it, my niggaz can never be faded
This is my prophecy -- I gotta be paid
All you cowards that try to stop me is beggin for early graves
I thought we was cool, I was a fool, thinkin you could be true
when I don't fuck with your punk crew
These are the tales for my niggaz doin time in the cell
I went from hell, to livin well
Bustin at niggaz who said my name in vain
I got no time for them tricks, I'm heavy in the game
I wanna be a baller, please
But the bitches and the liquor keep on callin me
I'm floatin free on the highway, formulatin plans
Can't wait til I see L.A., cause it's so scandalous

[Chorus]

[Chorus repeat to end (2Pac speaks over it)]

[2Pac]
Aiyyo.. how the prettiest bitch be the more scandalous the hoe be
You ever peep that shit? (Nah)
A bitch can be like fifteen, fuckin with a nigga 35
Gettin him for ends
Hoes these days is way too motherfuckin intelligent
When these niggaz get to trickin, hahaha, it's over then
That's aight though
Keep a nigga heavy in the game, bout so long
Watch them hoes
All you niggaz out there
Beware these lyin ass scandalous bitches

##newsong##

[Verse One: Daz]
You find an MC like me who's strong
Leaving motherfucker's aborted, with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I get deadly as Kahn though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those
Who can withstand, the more power I gain
and make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck your brain
Imagine and keep on wishing upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstandin, faded
would it be the greatest MC of all time
When I created rhyme for the simple fact
When I attack I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
for me to put down my guard, I'm faced with it, I'm a ride
breaking in gas with the six-eight all day
In and out with my pay
I'm soon to count the bodies...

[Verse Two: Tupac]
So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with the nigga you facing
We must be patient nothing better than communication
Known to damage and highly flamable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waiting
No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that ass shaking
I'm busting and making motherfuckers panic
Don't take your life for granted put that ass in the dirt
You swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation
but thugged out, forgive me Janet
Who's in control I'm activating your souls
You know, the way the games get controlled
you, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fucking rhyme I wrote
Taking off my coat, clearing my throat

[Chorus: Method Man]
I got my mind made up, come on... (come on)
get in get in too (get on it)
let it ride (get wit it) tonight's the night
I got my mind made up, come on...
get in get in too
let it ride... tonight's the night

[Verse Three: Kurupt]
Well I come through with two packs
of the bomb prophalaks for protection
So my fucking sac won't collapse
Cause nowadays, shit's evading the x-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electrifying like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfucking poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's the fucking bom-bay
your got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay
My rhymes, I leave a mark on your mind
As the deadly vibes spread through your head like sand pine
There's no escape, nah I ain't blasting
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those asking
Opposed to laughing, raw maniacal villian
Laughter enhances the chances of the killing
Why is that? 'cause smiling faces deceive
You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip your throat and make it hard to breathe
your whole camp's under seige, and I'm Jason Vorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes
My verbal snipe, your vocab on site
I'm out the cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split the bricks on the wall
your already have an idea about the superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of the equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat

[Verse Four: Method Man]
Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers
like Hitler, sticking up (Jews) with German (lugers)
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this mess-age don't touch the dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket — blow!!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen
Half of my Clan's three deep felons
Niggas best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel
Man I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical
All up in your motherfucking mouth
Head banger boogie
Catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and falling fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast

[Verse Five: Redman]
Aiyyo, lyrical gas spittin the criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on your whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
to get the fresh package of bless, the dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from the rear block
to bust till every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold your nose and blow out till your ears pop
Since your crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot
With, this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst
Then proceeds like keys
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit your fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case jake or a snake bust it
I'm the one pushing the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
choke, off this anecdote got you ope
Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Colt
And I'm out for nine nickel (INS the rebels)
West, list this, this, this...

##newsong##

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin up as a nigga in the cash game
livin in the fast lane; I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin up as a nigga in the cash game
livin in the fast lane; I'm for real

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin it so bad I'm bout to pass out
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it
Catch you at a club, oh shit you got me fiendin
Body talkin shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can
Forgive me i'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, playa with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for
It's either him or me -- champagne, Hennessey
A favorite of my homies when we floss, on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a hoe need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need
Approachin hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin baby I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy nigga now tell me how you want it
(Tell me how you want it! La-dy, yeahhhyeah)

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor it's like erotic, ironic 
cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hittin switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics
Up and down like a roller coaster, I'm up inside ya
I ain't quittin til the show is over, cause I'ma rider
In and out just like a robbery, I'll probably be a freak
and let you get on top of me, get her rockin these
Nights full of Alize, a livin legend
You ain't heard about these niggaz play these Cali days
Delores Tucker, youse a motherfucker
Instead of tryin to help a nigga you destroy a brother
Worse than the others -- Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game is told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Want some on lease? I'm makin millions, niggaz top that
They wanna censor me; they'd rather see me in a cell
livin in hell -- only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin bout us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga tell me how you want it

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Raised as a youth, tell the truth I got the scoop
on how to get a bulletproof, because I jumped from the roof
before I was a teenager, mobile phone, SkyPager
Game rules, I'm livin major -- my adversaries
is lookin worried, they paranoid of gettin buried
One of us gon' see the cemetary
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die
I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin fade em all, these taxes
got me crossed up and people tryin to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin like they know me
Hahaha, but I'ma mash out, peel out
I'm with it quick I'se quick to whip that fuckin steel out
Yeah nigga it's some new shit so better get up on it
When ya see me tell a nigga how ya want it
How do you want it?

[Chorus 2X]

[2Pac]
How you want it?
Yeah my nigga Johnny J
Yeah, we out

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
Tell me

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
Cash game, livin in the fast lane, I'm for real

##newsong##

[Snoop] Up out of there
[Tupac] (chuckles)
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
[Snoop] Pump that up G
[Tupac] Ahh shit, you done fucked up now -- 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
You done put two of America's
most wanted in the same
motherfuckin place at the same 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
motherfuckin time, hahahahah
Y'all niggaz about to feel this 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Break out the champagne glasses
and the motherfuckin condoms
Have one on us aight?? 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

[Verse One: 2Pac, Snoop]

Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin homey
Youse a cold ass nigga on them hogs

Sho nuff, I keep my hand on my gun, cuz they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin on the outcome
Free Tupac, is all that's on a niggaz mind
But at the same time it seem they tryin to take mine
So I'ma get smart, and get defensive and shit
And put together a million march, for some gangsta shit

So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin cases (mmm)
Bitches get ready for the throwdown, the shit's about to go down
Uhh, me and Snoop about to clown
I'm "Losin My Religion", I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin
Niggaz be actin like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I got, nuthin but love, for my niggaz livin lavish

I got a pit named P, she niggarino
I got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
and I, think I got a black Beamer
but my dream is to own a fly casino
like Bugsy Seagel, and do it all legal
and get scooped up, by the little homie in the Regal
Mmm, it feel good to you baby bubba
Ya see, this is for the G's and the keys motherfucker

Now follow as we riiiiide
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the West side
And I can make you famous
Niggaz been dyin for years, so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin these, motherfuckin G's
If ya got it better flaunt it, another warrant
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted

[Chorus:]
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
[Tupac] Nuthin but a gangsta party... 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Nuthin but a gangsta party
it ain't nuthin but a
motherfuckin gangsta party 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party 
Nuthin but a gangsta party
it ain't nuthin but a
motherfuckin gangsta party 
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

[Verse Two: 2Pac, Snoop]

Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck wit me
I bust and flea, these niggaz must be crazy what??
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can fade the Thugs
(hahah right) You thought it was but it wasn't, now dissapear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

It's like cuz, blood, gangbangin
Everybody in the party doin dope slangin
You got to have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch, before your eyes swerl
Ya doing ya job, every day
And then you work so hard til ya hair turn gray
Let me tell you about life, and bout the way it is
You see we live by the gun, so we die by the gun's kids

They tell me not to roll with my glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floatin in the black Benz, tryin to do a show a day
They wonder how I live, with five shots
Niggaz is hard to kill, on my block
Schemes for currency and doe related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted

[Chorus (w/ variations to end)]

##newsong##


Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin room
On the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy

[Verse One: 2Pac]

My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggaz I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come, now fire
when ready, stay watchin now figure, increase speed
Make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggaz that you run with, be on some dumb shit
Trick on the hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick 
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin you stupid bitches, vicious telekenesis
Am I reachin your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I wanna be a livin legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin game, with no more pain

[Chorus: (interpretation of Method Man's "Bring the Pain")]

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain) [variations]

[repeat 4X]

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Line up my adversaries, blast on sight, and fuck your boyfriend
Bitch, I want some ass tonight, you know my steelo
Alize and Cristal, weed sure you heard of all the
sure you've heard of all the freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggaz to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin, my glock's spittin rounds
niggaz fallin down clutchin they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggaz on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggaz don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin no more pain

[Chorus 4X]

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Bury me that's what they all say, it's time to make a killin
Sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say? Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggaz from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin it ain't nothin we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, baptised the public
Now you hard thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin so watch the guns bust
You niggaz'll bleed, fuckin with me you'll be deceased
Never restin in peace nigga, with no more pain

[Chorus 8X]

[Tupac talking over the chorus]
Hahahahaha, yeah nigga, yeah! Hahahaha
No more pain
It's just like that nigga, like that yeah
No more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches
No more pain
Feel me nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me?
Fully automatic type shit
No more pain
Coward ass niggaz, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain

Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin that beat like that BEYATCH
In case you wonderin
And jealous niggaz, hahaha, see y'all niggaz
Motherfuckin niggaz are shit
Hey

[chorus being whispered in the background]
Westsiiiiiide! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know what I mean
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggaz, skanless cunts, fuckin C.E..O.'s
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga, haha
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin these motherfuckers choices
Niggaz can roll with us, or they can be rolled under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin these niggaz kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westsiiiiide!


##newsong##

Ahh, Suge what I tell you nigga,
when I come out of jail what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas chest, right
Watch this, hey Quik let me see them binoculars, nigga
The binoculars

Ha ha ha ha, yeah nigga time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga
cause its gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side
The real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real mutha-fuckas
and there's gonna be some pussys
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussys are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize cause the ride get tricky
See you got some niggas on your side
That say they're your friends
But in real life they your enemies
And then you got some mutha-fuckas that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
Its a dirty game y'all
Y'all got ta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
Cause the shit get wild y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, Baby
Keep your mind on your riches

9-1-1 its a emergency cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
cowards die
My mama told me When I was to see
Just a vicious mutha fucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver
when I deliver
Criminal lyrics
from a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Mackaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, thats what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinitely Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches
like a south paw you get let
And every breath I breathe untill the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Internally I live in sin
untill the moment that they let me breathe again
The heartz of men

[Chorus]

The Heartz of Men

My lyrical verse with so much pain
that to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust
And if you ain't one of us
it gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
in fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw
and five-o, get your lights on, fight long
tonights gonna be a fuckin' fight
so we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a 'G' to this 'til the day I'm gone that's regardless
Drive-by, niggas bow down
thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well niggas out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
first nigga gettin' drugged out
I can be a villian if ya let me
I'll Muthafuck ya
if ya do upset me
tell the cops to come and get me
rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no muthafuckin' friends nigga
Look inside the heartz of men

[Chorus]

In The Heartz of Men
In The Heartz of Men

To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear
my pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year
like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a don
If niggas is having problems
smoke'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back,
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugin' is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
scar'd up
but still flowing
energized and still going
Uhh, can it be fate
that makes a sick muthafucka break
On these jealous ass coward cuz they evil and fake
What will it take ?
Give me that bass line
I'm feeling bombed
Deathrow baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent
cause I've been sent
The heartz of men


##newsong##

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
my niggas, we tha last ones left
but life goes on.....

[Verse One:]

As I bail through tha empty halls
breath stinkin' 
in my jaws
ring, ring, ring
quiet y'all
incoming call
plus this my homie from high school
he's getting bye
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
life as a baller
alchol and booty calls
we usta do them as adolecents
do you recall?
raised as G's
loc'ed out and blazed the weed
get on tha roof 
let's get smoked out
and blaze with me
2 in tha morning
and we still high assed out
screamin' 'thug till I die'
before I passed out
but now that your gone
i'm in tha zone
thinkin'
'I don't wanna die all alone'
but now ya gone
and all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death
i'm drinkin' Hennessy
while tryin' ta make it last
I drank a 5th for that ass
when you passed....
cause life goes on

[Chorus]

[Verse Two:]

Yeah nigga
I got tha word as hell
ya blew trial and tha judge gave you
25 with an L
time to prepare to do fed time
won't see parole
imagine life as a convict
that's getten' old
plus with tha drama
we're lookin out for your babies mama
taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin on her...
life in tha hood...
is all good for nobody
remember gamin' on dumb hoties at chill parties
Me and you 
No true a two
while scheming on hits
and gettin tricks 
that maybe we can slide into 
but now you burried
rest nigga
cause I ain't worried
eyes bluried
sayin' goodbye at the cemetary
tho' memories fade
I got your name tated on my arm
so we both ball till' my dying days
before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]

Bury me smilin'
with G's in my pocket
have a party at my funeral
let every rapper rock it
let tha hoes that I usta know
from way before
kiss me from my head to my toe
give me a paper and a pen
so I can write about my life of sin
a couple bottles of Gin
incase I don't get in
tell all my people i'm a Ridah
nobody cries when we die
we outlaws
let me ride
until I get free
I live my life in tha fast lane
got police chasen me
to my niggas from old blocks 
from old crews
niggas that guided me through 
back in tha old school
pour out some liquor
have a toast for tha homies
see we both gotta die
but ya chose to go before me
and brothas miss ya while your gone
you left your nigga on his own
how long we mourn
life goes on...

[Chorus repeats to end]
[sung overtop repeating chorus]

Life goes on homie
gone on, cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me
I feel ya
You know what I mean
last year
we poured out liquor for ya
this year nigga, life goes on
we're gonna clock now
get money
evade bitches
evade tricks
give players plenty space
and basicaly just represent for you baby
next time you see your niggas
your gonna be on top nigga
their gonna be like,
'Goddamn, them niggas came up'
that's right baby
life goes on....
and we up out this bitch
hey Kato, Mental
y'all niggas make sure it's popin' when we get up there
don't front.

##newsong##
[Chorus: repeat 2X]

How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
my niggas, we tha last ones left
but life goes on.....

[Verse One:]

As I bail through tha empty halls
breath stinkin' 
in my jaws
ring, ring, ring
quiet y'all
incoming call
plus this my homie from high school
he's getting bye
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
life as a baller
alchol and booty calls
we usta do them as adolecents
do you recall?
raised as G's
loc'ed out and blazed the weed
get on tha roof 
let's get smoked out
and blaze with me
2 in tha morning
and we still high assed out
screamin' 'thug till I die'
before I passed out
but now that your gone
i'm in tha zone
thinkin'
'I don't wanna die all alone'
but now ya gone
and all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death
i'm drinkin' Hennessy
while tryin' ta make it last
I drank a 5th for that ass
when you passed....
cause life goes on

[Chorus]

[Verse Two:]

Yeah nigga
I got tha word as hell
ya blew trial and tha judge gave you
25 with an L
time to prepare to do fed time
won't see parole
imagine life as a convict
that's getten' old
plus with tha drama
we're lookin out for your babies mama
taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin on her...
life in tha hood...
is all good for nobody
remember gamin' on dumb hoties at chill parties
Me and you 
No true a two
while scheming on hits
and gettin tricks 
that maybe we can slide into 
but now you burried
rest nigga
cause I ain't worried
eyes bluried
sayin' goodbye at the cemetary
tho' memories fade
I got your name tated on my arm
so we both ball till' my dying days
before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]

Bury me smilin'
with G's in my pocket
have a party at my funeral
let every rapper rock it
let tha hoes that I usta know
from way before
kiss me from my head to my toe
give me a paper and a pen
so I can write about my life of sin
a couple bottles of Gin
incase I don't get in
tell all my people i'm a Ridah
nobody cries when we die
we outlaws
let me ride
until I get free
I live my life in tha fast lane
got police chasen me
to my niggas from old blocks 
from old crews
niggas that guided me through 
back in tha old school
pour out some liquor
have a toast for tha homies
see we both gotta die
but ya chose to go before me
and brothas miss ya while your gone
you left your nigga on his own
how long we mourn
life goes on...

[Chorus repeats to end]
[sung overtop repeating chorus]

Life goes on homie
gone on, cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me
I feel ya
You know what I mean
last year
we poured out liquor for ya
this year nigga, life goes on
we're gonna clock now
get money
evade bitches
evade tricks
give players plenty space
and basicaly just represent for you baby
next time you see your niggas
your gonna be on top nigga
their gonna be like,
'Goddamn, them niggas came up'
that's right baby
life goes on....
and we up out this bitch
hey Kato, Mental
y'all niggas make sure it's popin' when we get up there
don't front.

##newsong##


Only God can judge me, is that right?
[synth voice] Only God can judge me now
Only God baby, nobody else, nobody else
All you other motherfuckers get out my business

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies just a bunch a dirty rats
Will I, succeed, paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus try to focus but I can't see
And in my mind I'ma blind man doin time
Look to my future cause my past, is all behind me
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin tell me what's the use of tryin
I've been Trapped since birth, cautious, cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family, in a hearse
And they say it's the white man I should fear
But, it's my own kind doin all the killin here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin for
Everybody's droppin got me knockin on heaven's door
And all my memories, of seein brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts don't get caught up in the mix
Cause the media is full of dirty tricks
Only God can judge me

[Chorus: 2Pac]

[synth voice] Only God can judge me
That's right baby, yeah baby
[synth voice] Only God
Hahahahahahahaha
[synth + Pac] Only God can judge me, only God can judge
[synth cont.] me, only God
Only God can judge me
[synth + Pac] Only God can judge me
And only God can
[synth voice] Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
[synth + Pac] Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
[synth voice] Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
[synth voice] Only God can judge me now

[heart monitor: long beep]
Flatline!

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

I hear the doctor standing over me [heart monitor: beeping slowly]
screamin I can make it 
Got a body full of bullet holes layin here naked 
Still I, can't breathe, somethings evil in my IV
Cause everytime I breathe, I think they killin me [beeping sound stops]
I'm having nightmares, homicidal fantansies 
I wake up stranglin, danglin my bed sheets
I call the nurse cause it hurts, to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss 
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
Cause even Thugs cry, but do the Lord care? 
Try to remember, but it hurts
I'm walkin through the cemetary talkin to the, dirt
I'd rather die like a man, than live like a coward 
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours, Black Power
is what we scream as we dream in a paranoid state 
And our fate, is a lifetime of hate 
Dear Mama, can you save me? And fuck peace
Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation each and every black male's trapped 
And they wonder why we suicidal runnin round strapped 
Mista, Po-lice, please try to see that it's
a million motherfuckers stressin just like me
Only God can judge me

[Chorus w/ variations]

[Interlude: 2Pac]

That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
(That's for real) 
and I don't see why everybody feel as though
that they gotta tell me how to live my life
(You know?)
Let me live baby, let me live

[Verse Three: Rappin 4-Tay, Tupac]

Pac I feel ya, keep servin it on the reala
For instance say a playa hatin mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong, for buckin a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin wearin a cross, that's real
Got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes now everybody want him
After talkin behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin them niggaz, "You can fade him," punk I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face that'll rush up in your place
to get your safe, knowin you on that paper chase 
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti already sold a key of ounce
Bitch, remember Tupac and 4-Tay
Them same two brothers dodgin bullets representin the Bay
Pac when you was locked down, that's when I'll be around
Start climbing up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown 
That's why they ride the bandwagon still be draggin sellin lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know you all in disguise

Guess you figure you know me cause I'm a Thug
That love to hit the late night club, drink then buzz
Been livin lavish like a player all day 
Now I'm bout to floss em off, player shit with 4-Tay
Only God can judge me

[Chorus w/ variations]

[4Tay] Only God main
[2Pac] That right?
[4Tay] That's real
[2Pac] Hahahahahaha
[4Tay] Fuck everybody else, yaknowhatI'msayin?
[2Pac] Man, look here man
My only fear of death is comin back to this bitch reincarnated
That's for the homey mental
We up out

[Chorus w/out 2Pac continues to fade]

##newsong##

[2Pac]
A military mind nigga
A military mind mean money
A criminal grind nigga
A criminal grind mean hustle
You know

[Chorus: 2Pac (repeat 2X)]

We tradin war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggaz I despise, look in my eyes

[2Pac]
Now can your mind picture, a thug nigga drinkin hard liquor
This ghetto life has got me catchin up to God quicker
Who would figure that all I need was a hair trigger
semi-automatic Mack 11 just to scare niggaz
Pardon my thug poetry, but suckers is born everyday 
and fear of man - grow on trees
Criminal ties for centuries, a legend in my own rhymes
So niggaz whisper when they mention 
Machiavelli was my tutor Donald Goines, my father figure
Moms sent me to go play with the drug dealers
Hits fall, we thug niggaz and we came in packs.
Every one of niggaz strapped sippin on 'nac (Cognac)
In the back, my AR-15
Thuggin till I die, these streets got me cravin thorazine
My lyrics are blueprints to money makin
Fat as that ass that honey shakin

[Chorus (w/ Outlawz)]

[Fatal]
I bust a trey-trey, buggin an' shit
They call it overthuggin and shit
But I was just a younger nigga;
gettin older and lovin this shit
But what was I doin in this place?
To the fakes without a pistol in the first,
facin termination in the worst
But I figured to play the wall; to watch all these 
playa hatin niggaz position for I could see 'em all
Made it up out of there, lucky to be here to tell you
But it'll never be a repeat people I'm tryin to tell you.

[Dramacydal]
Now picture the scenery, I'm thugged out smokin greenery
Considered a B.G., but I'm off in this game somethin D-P
My eyes only see deez, that's why I'm young and burnt out
Learned the know how, well how to do now, by 18 turned out
And why I do it - the ridin and smokin
Collidin with foes - in the worst place; 
y'all shouldn'ta fucked with us ,in the first place
Y'all real O.G.'s, droppin game to the youngsters
Y'all don't want no funk cause
y'all be the next in the long line of war stories

[Chorus]

[C-Bo]
I breaks 'em off with this gangsta war story tale
Stackin loot up in the coupe that I protect with a Mack 12
Slap my clip in the chamber; fool, your life's in danger
No one will remain when I come through dumpin insane
Call me Bo-wl of Major Pain, gun-slang and movin 'caine
I be the nigga that's pullin the trigga
and dumpin the hollow points in your brain
Mo' bigger balls that RuPaul, Thug Life ain't a ball
We bust that ass up against the wall (up against the wall)
(?) Never been no (?) men
How we bucks 'em down on the way to the ground
ain't nuttin but the hog in me
Bust off his dildo, killin (?) and keep mobbin G
It ain't no problem (?) funk off
(?) blow down punks with my sawed off
Bust they dirty-ass drawers off
and had them bitch niggaz hauled off

[Chorus]

[Outlawz]
My whole family been raised, on shit that ain't okay
Ain't nuttin on this earth will make a nigga like me stay
I'm reminiscin, and catchin flashbacks when niggas ran up 
in my house and I was too young, to try to blast back
What happend then? No one would tell me since I was three
Heard they got to my peoples, now they livin somewhere free
But fuck that, you got what's mines and I want that
Never drop my guard, been on the squad, since ways back
And now I'm sittin, holdin in anger because my parents missin
Thuggin Immortal, got some war stories for ya

[Storm]
Now look at me - straight Outlaw Immortal
Never gave a fuck cause I was nobody's daughter
Outlawin from my tits to my clits, don't try to figure 
cause the murderous tendencies of my mind can't be controlled, nigga
So who's the bigger, who's the quickest killer?
Would ya try to trip with my finger on the 9 milla
When I got cha on kay-nine-fourths
Prayin to God as your life goes back and forth
We tradin war stories

[Chorus (repeats through to end, getting softer)]

['Pac talking]
War stories nigga; hahaha, what players do
Thug Life, Outlaw Immortalz
Motherfuckin Tupac a.k.a. Makaveli
Can you feel me? Just so you know, it's on Death Row
My niggaz love that shit
Dramacydal in this motherfucker, heheheh
Yea nigga! Shout out to my niggaz Fatal and Felony
C-Bo, the bald head nut, what?
You know what time it is

##newsong##

[2Pac]
A military mind nigga
A military mind mean money
A criminal grind nigga
A criminal grind mean hustle
You know

[Chorus: 2Pac (repeat 2X)]

We tradin war stories, we Outlawz on the rise
Jealous niggaz I despise, look in my eyes

[2Pac]
Now can your mind picture, a thug nigga drinkin hard liquor
This ghetto life has got me catchin up to God quicker
Who would figure that all I need was a hair trigger
semi-automatic Mack 11 just to scare niggaz
Pardon my thug poetry, but suckers is born everyday 
and fear of man - grow on trees
Criminal ties for centuries, a legend in my own rhymes
So niggaz whisper when they mention 
Machiavelli was my tutor Donald Goines, my father figure
Moms sent me to go play with the drug dealers
Hits fall, we thug niggaz and we came in packs.
Every one of niggaz strapped sippin on 'nac (Cognac)
In the back, my AR-15
Thuggin till I die, these streets got me cravin thorazine
My lyrics are blueprints to money makin
Fat as that ass that honey shakin

[Chorus (w/ Outlawz)]

[Fatal]
I bust a trey-trey, buggin an' shit
They call it overthuggin and shit
But I was just a younger nigga;
gettin older and lovin this shit
But what was I doin in this place?
To the fakes without a pistol in the first,
facin termination in the worst
But I figured to play the wall; to watch all these 
playa hatin niggaz position for I could see 'em all
Made it up out of there, lucky to be here to tell you
But it'll never be a repeat people I'm tryin to tell you.

[Dramacydal]
Now picture the scenery, I'm thugged out smokin greenery
Considered a B.G., but I'm off in this game somethin D-P
My eyes only see deez, that's why I'm young and burnt out
Learned the know how, well how to do now, by 18 turned out
And why I do it - the ridin and smokin
Collidin with foes - in the worst place; 
y'all shouldn'ta fucked with us ,in the first place
Y'all real O.G.'s, droppin game to the youngsters
Y'all don't want no funk cause
y'all be the next in the long line of war stories

[Chorus]

[C-Bo]
I breaks 'em off with this gangsta war story tale
Stackin loot up in the coupe that I protect with a Mack 12
Slap my clip in the chamber; fool, your life's in danger
No one will remain when I come through dumpin insane
Call me Bo-wl of Major Pain, gun-slang and movin 'caine
I be the nigga that's pullin the trigga
and dumpin the hollow points in your brain
Mo' bigger balls that RuPaul, Thug Life ain't a ball
We bust that ass up against the wall (up against the wall)
(?) Never been no (?) men
How we bucks 'em down on the way to the ground
ain't nuttin but the hog in me
Bust off his dildo, killin (?) and keep mobbin G
It ain't no problem (?) funk off
(?) blow down punks with my sawed off
Bust they dirty-ass drawers off
and had them bitch niggaz hauled off

[Chorus]

[Outlawz]
My whole family been raised, on shit that ain't okay
Ain't nuttin on this earth will make a nigga like me stay
I'm reminiscin, and catchin flashbacks when niggas ran up 
in my house and I was too young, to try to blast back
What happend then? No one would tell me since I was three
Heard they got to my peoples, now they livin somewhere free
But fuck that, you got what's mines and I want that
Never drop my guard, been on the squad, since ways back
And now I'm sittin, holdin in anger because my parents missin
Thuggin Immortal, got some war stories for ya

[Storm]
Now look at me - straight Outlaw Immortal
Never gave a fuck cause I was nobody's daughter
Outlawin from my tits to my clits, don't try to figure 
cause the murderous tendencies of my mind can't be controlled, nigga
So who's the bigger, who's the quickest killer?
Would ya try to trip with my finger on the 9 milla
When I got cha on kay-nine-fourths
Prayin to God as your life goes back and forth
We tradin war stories

[Chorus (repeats through to end, getting softer)]

['Pac talking]
War stories nigga; hahaha, what players do
Thug Life, Outlaw Immortalz
Motherfuckin Tupac a.k.a. Makaveli
Can you feel me? Just so you know, it's on Death Row
My niggaz love that shit
Dramacydal in this motherfucker, heheheh
Yea nigga! Shout out to my niggaz Fatal and Felony
C-Bo, the bald head nut, what?
You know what time it is

##newsong##

California love!

[1:]
California... knows how to party
California... knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where that bomb ass hemp be
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre puttin it down for
Californ-I-a

[1]

[2:]
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
The life of a west side playa where cowards die and it's all ball
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!

[1]

[Dre:] Now make it shake...

[2]

[Outro: Dre, 2Pac]
Uh, yeah, uh, longbeach in tha house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definately in tha house hahaha
Frisko, Frisko
[Tupac:] Hey, you know LA is up in this
Pasadena, where you at
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
[Tupac:] Even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby
Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah

Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side

Yeah, That's riight
West coast, west coast
Uh, California Love
California Love


##newsong##	

Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggaz to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit cha, I ain't mad at cha
Got nuttin but love for ya, do your thing boy

Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all, knahmean?
Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin up shit out there, kickin up dust
[Danny Boy] I ain't...
Givin a motherfucker, heheheheheh
Yeah, niggaz
[Danny Boy] ...mad at cha
Cause I ain't mad at cha

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Now we was once two niggaz of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line 
You was just a little smaller but you still roller
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
Member when you had a jheri curl didn't quite learn
On the block, witcha glock, trippin off sherm
Collect calls to the till, sayin how ya changed
Oh you a Muslim now, no more dope game
Heard you might be comin home, just got bail
Wanna go to the Mosque, don't wanna chase tail
I seems I lost my little homie he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin is the game plan
When I talk about money all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin large you tell me it's trouble
Congratulation on the weddin, I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshitin
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd BOMB
on the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed, and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme, and you ain't even with it
Hmm, knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker bad
Go toe to toe when it's time for roll you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughin at cha
You tryin hard to maintain, then go head
cause I ain't mad at cha
(Hmm, I ain't mad at cha)

[Chorus: Danny Boy]

I ain't, mad, at cha [2Pac:] (I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

We used to be like distant cousins, fightin, playin dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin, knowin, that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin blitzed and I reminsce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin n grindin wasn't nothin on our mind
In time we learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back, to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony lovin the way the guns blow
And even though we seperated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I be locked up state
I kiss my Mama goodbye, and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, cause Mama I ain't happy here
I'm through trial, no more smiles, for a couple years
They got me goin mad, I'm knockin busters on they backs
in my cell, thinkin, "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'll be there, so prepare, to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin at cha
Cause youse a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy]

I ain't, mad, at cha [2Pac:] (I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha [2Pac:] (A true down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha)

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Well guess who's movin up, this nigga's ballin now
Bitches be callin to get it, hookers keep fallin down
He went from nuttin to lots, ten carots to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big, man on the block
He's Mister local celebrity, addicted to move a key
Most hated by enemy, escape in the Luxury
See, first you was our nigga but you made it, so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you why you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin so high off that bomb hopin we make it, to the better days
Cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggaz in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a glock beside my head, when will it stop?
Til God return me to my essence
Cause even as a adolescents, I refuse to be a convalescent
So many questions, and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin at cha
You niggaz just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy]

I ain't, mad at cha [2Pac:] (and I ain't mad at cha)
Iiiiiiiii ain't mad [2Pac:] (hell nah I ain't mad at cha) at cha
I ain't, mad at mha [2Pac:] (and I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha [2Pac:] (I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha, noooo
I ain't mad at chaaaaahhhhhhhh

##newsong##

What'z ya phone number
Now I could make miracles with pimp hoes.
It's instrumental.
Waitin for the nimphoes.
That's the intro.
Shoot when ya rush me.
Walked up and touched me.
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just cuz I'm paid in the worst way? True.
Lookin kind a good in your birthday suit.
I wonder if your wild and ya act shy.
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips, shake your hips.
Goddamn, I love that shit.
Yo, let's stop fakin and be real now.
I got a room and a hard on. Still down?
Met ya standin at a bar full of black dudes.
Said ya wanna see my scars and my tatooes.
When we head for my hideout, act right.
Boss playa when I ride out, that's right.
What'z ya phone number?

If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready.
Baby, let me give you a call.
How long will it take to break you off?
[Repeat once more]

Oh shit, baby is a dime piece.
Wanted this fine seat.
[?]
If I see ya right.
Now she can get me.
Hor didn't wanna talk to me till she see my car.
Never had sez with a rich rap star
Till I got her in the back of my homeboy's car.
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches.
Let me here you say:
What'z your phone number?
Are you alone?
Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone.
Time for your girlfriend to take you home.
I had fun,
But baby, gotta leave me alone.
Picture in my rhyme.
Take time to rewind these [?] words I say.
If you open your mind,
Bet in a minute you'll find it's time.
Let the Outlaws play.
What'z ya phone number.

[Chorus repeats 2X]

[Girl and Tupac converse]
[G:] Hello?
[2:] Hello? who is this?
[G:] Is this Tupac?
[2:] This is who?
[G:] Is this Tupac?
[2:] Yeah, it's Tupac. Who dis?
[G:] Hi baby. How are you?
[2:] I'm aiight. What' up baby?
[G:] You don't recognize the voice?
[2:] You recognize my voice, huh?
[G:] Do you recognize MY voice?
[2:] Nah, I know you?
[G:] Yeah, you know me. I guess you don't recognize me when I'm talkin.
[2:] Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
[G:] You just know me, baby.
[2:] Where? Talk up I can't barely hear you.
[G:] You know me from when we were, you know, intimate.
[2:] Oh, we fucked?
[G:] Oh baby, did we ever.
[2:] Oh, tell me about it baby.
[G:] I remember when I put that big dick in my hand and stroked it up and down.
[2:] OOOOH!
[G:] Then I put it in my mouth. I fucked it.
[2:] Ooh, you did.
[G:] Ooh, I did.
[2:] Shit!
[G:] Fucked it and fucked it. Put me in. You came.
[2:] Did I come?
[G:] Ooh, baby: everywhere, everywhere. You don't remember me yet?
[2:] I'm starting to get a picture. Why don't you help me out.
What did I do to the pussy? What a nigga do to the pussy?
[G:] You rocked it.
[2:] Did I?
[G:] Yeah, you did.
[2:] Did I do some of that Thug Passion?
[G:] Mmmmmm
[2:] Heh, heh. Eh, so what cha doin right now, though?
[G:] Me and my finger are gettin aquainted.
[2:] How many you got?
[G:] I got ten. But only one is workin.
[2:] Oh, well can I come over there?
[G:] If you want to.
[2:] Do I want to? Do a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rabbit.
[G:] Mmm. You gon rock it baby?
[2:] Hell yeah, I'm gon rock it baby.
[G:] Like you did before?
[2:] No dizoubt. You gon feel that Thug Passion for real.
[G:] Mmmm, baby.
[2:] I'm on my way though. I'm about to fly over there in a 500.
It ain't gon take but a minute. Eh, light the candles.
Get the baby oil out. Turn all the lights out. Drink a little
bit of that shit. I'm on my way babe. I'm gon knock that pussy to the next week. 
[G:] Knock it out, baby, knock it out.
[2:] I'm gon knock the taste out yo mouth, girl. I'm gon put your legs on your head. I'm a tie you up, blindfold you. And we gon play which hole feel the best.
[G:] You know which hole feel the best.
[2:] We fin to see tonight, though.
[G:] I'm gon make you remember me.
[2:] Oh, yeah.
[G:] Yeah.
[2:] Oh yeah, you got my dick hard. I can't find the steering shift you got me so fucked up. I'm playin with myself and shit.
[G:] Can I shift your gear?

##newsong##

Say he wanna be
Shorties gonna be a Thug
Said he wanna be
One day he's gonna be
Said he's wanna be
Shorties gonna be's a Thug
Said he's gonna be
One day he gonna be
Say he wanna be
Shorties gonna be a Thug
Said he gonna be
One day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be
Shorties gonna be a Thug

[Verse One: 2Pac]

He was a nice middle class nigga
But nobody knew the evil he'd do When he got a little bigger
Get off the final blaze 
While puffing on a Newport
plottin' on a another way to catch a case
Was only sixteen, yet convicted as a felon
With a bunch of old niggas 
But you the only one who ain't telling
I tell you it's a cold world, stay in school
You tell me its a man's world, play the rules
And fade fools, 'n break rules until we major
Blaze up, getting with hoes through my pager
Was raised up, commencing to money makin' tactics
It's getting drastic, niggas got automatics
My fingers on the trigga, Tell the lord
To make way for another straight Thug Nigga
I'm sitting getting buzzed, looking for some luv
from the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Straight from the Hall to the Penn
Adolescent nigga scaling weight and standing Six feet Ten
He carried weight like a Mack truck
Gonna bust on some playa haters 
if the mutha fuckas act tuff
Then thats when the lethal weapon with the razor
This little nigga smoking weed and getting blazed up
No one could figure, when the guns blast pull the trigga
Could take the life of a young nigga guns bigger
No mother and father, you see, the niggas all alone
Old timers my role model, the war zone
Released with this game 'til its a part of me
My heart don't beat no fear and it ain't hard to see
The future is looking dim
I'm trying to make a profit out of living in this sin
I'm in the dark getting buzzed, looking for some love
out with the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug

[Chorus]

[Outro: 2Pac]

Shorty gonna be a thug

You little bad ass nigga, to the young niggas
gotta stay sharp nigga, play your part
you got plenty of time (you bad mutha fuckas)
You only get three mistakes, then thats life, big baby (niggas craaazy)
watch the signs
Damn, you ain't but sixteen nigga?
Sixteen?!
That's a bad muthafucker

##newsong##


(Niggas out there jelous cuz we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through tha neigborhood
Yeah
with that funky sound *so funky*
we be throwin' down)

This goes out to you playa
you know...you know who you are

[Chorus: repeat 3X]

Gotta be carefull, can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
So when ya see me nigga
Ya better Holla at me

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Are you confused ?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside tha shoes 
of a nigga who don't have a thing to loose
When me and you was homies
no one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a niggas dreams
how could you do me like that ?
I took ya family in
I put some cash in ya pocket
made you a man again
and now you let tha fear put your ass in a place
complicated to escape
It's a fools fate
without your word
your a shell of a man
I lost respect for you nigga
we can never be friends
I know i'm runnin' through your head now
what could you do ?
If it was up to you
i'd be dead now
I let tha world know nigga you a coward
You could never be live
until you die
see tha mothafucken bitch in your eye
Type of Nigga, that let tha evil of tha money trap me
when ya see me nigga
ya better holla at me (holla at me)
can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
So when ya see me nigga
Ya better Holla at me

[Chorus: 2Pac]

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

So I gotta be carefull, can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
so when ya see me nigga
ya better holla at me

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

courious 
spittin' lyrics
on tha verge of furious
i'm addicted to currency
nigga that's why we're doin this
I got shot up, I surprised tha niggas tha way I got up
and then
I hit the studio
It's time to blow tha block up
No hesitation
this information got you contemplatin'
heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
break him
and let him see tha face of a mental patient
it's a celebration 
of my criminal elevation
with the participation
I want members across tha fifty states
to keep tha nation anticipatin' until we break
will I be great, is it my fate ?
to live tha life of luxury
some niggas bought my tapes
so much jelousy it scares me
so be prepared
cause only tha strong survive
life isn't fair (fair)
probably never knew tha way it feels to die
so you figure fuck with me
I give that ass a try
Nigga, Holla at me

[Chorus]

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Ohhhhhh....)

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

I shoulda saw tha signs
I was blinded 
criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
so many brothas framed in this dirty game
it's a shame
so much pressure on my brain
while she blame me
Secrets in tha dark
only her and I know
now i'm sitten' in tha state pen
doin time for slow 
guess she made a bad decision
that got me livin' 
just like an animal
i'm caged up in state prison
my niggas dissin'
cause 
hell have no fury like a woman scorn
A cemetary full of mothafuckers got not knowin'
picture my prophecy
tha cops are attacking me, on top of me
i'm runnin' from tha coppers
but never let'em stop me
cause i'm a soulja 
hell, ever since I was a little nigga havin' fantasies
of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid
trust
a no no
love is a mystery
Fuck tha po po,
Holla at me.....
So when you see me nigga
you better holla at me....

[Chorus]

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Niggas out there jelous cuz we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through tha neigborhood
Yeah
with that funky sound (so funky)
we be throwin' down)

[Chorus]

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Ohhhhhhhh, heeeeyyy, ohhhhh nooo noooo noooooo)

##newsong##

You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.
You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.
You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Look here Miss Thang
hate to salt your game
but yous a money hungry woman
and you need to change.

In tha locker room
all the homies do is laugh.
High five's cuz anotha nigga 
played your ass.

It was said you were sleeezy
even easy
sleepin around for what 
you need

See it's your thang 
and you can shake it how you wanna.
Give it up free 
or make your money on the corner.

But don't be bad and play the game
get mad and change.
Then you wonda why these muthafuckas
call you names.

Still lookin' for a way out
and that's OK 
I can see you wanna stray
there's a way out.

Keep your mind on your money,
enroll in school.
And as the years pass by 
you can show them fools.

But you ain't tryin' to hear me
cuz your stuck,
you're headin' for the bathroom
'bout to get tossed up.

Still lookin' for a rich man
you dug a ditch,
got your legs up
tryin' to get rich.

I love you like a sista 
but you need to switch
and that's why they called
U bitch, I betcha.

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

You leave your kids with your mama
cuz your headin' for the club
in a skin tight miniskirt
lookin' for some love.

Got them legs wide open 
while you're sittin' at the bar
Talkin' to some nigga 
'bout his car.

I guess he said he 
had a Lexxxus, what's next?
You headin' to his car for some sex

I pass by
can't hold back tears inside
cuz, lord knows
for years I tried.

And all the other people
on my block hate your guts
Then you wonda why they stare
and call you slut.

It's like your mind don't understand
you don't have to kill your
dreams ploten'
schemes on a man

Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open
either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin' 
I'm hearin' rumors so you need to switch 
and niggas wouldn't call you bitch, I betcha.

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

I guess times gettin' hard
even harder for you
cuz, hey now, got a baby
on the way now

More money from the county
and thanks to the welfare
you're about to
get your hair done.

Got a dinner date 
can't be late
trick or treat, sweet thang
got anotha trick to meet.

The way he did it
it was smooth
plottin' while he gamin' you
So baby, peep tha rules.

I shoulda seen it in the first case
the worst case
I shoulda never called you back 
in the first place.

I remember back in high school
baby you was fast 
straight sex
and barely move your ass.

But now things change
cuz you don't look the same
let the ghetto get the best of you
baby, that's a shame

Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased
and finally be in peace.

So where your niggas at now
cuz everybody left
they stepped 
and left you on your own

See I loved you like a sista
but you died to quick
And that's why we called U bitch, I betcha.

[Chorus]

[Outro: 2Pac]

Dear Ms. Deloris Tucker
keep stressen me
fuckin' with a muthafucken mind
I figured you wanted to know
you know
why we call them hos bitches
and maybe this might help you understand
it ain't personal
strictly business baby
strictly business

So If you wonder why we call U bitch
You wonder why we call U bitch
If you wonder why we call U bitch
You wonder why we call U bitch

##newsong##


[Outlaw Immortalz]
Bow down to somethin greater than yourself trick
Individuals capable of enormous amounts of chin checks and eye swolls
They know
You watchin but you ain't seein what lies before you, beatch
Picture if you will seven deadly human beings
blessed with the gift of speech, the power to reach
each nigga on every street
May the Heavenly Father look down and be proud
of what transpired since the day the seed was planted
The G grew but we knew he'd rise up quick
Smoked out, loc'ed out, all into shit
Just me and my dogs livin like hogs
Outlaw Immortalz
What follows is the story, what proceeded was the glue
What lies between is the fiction
Don't fuck around and make it true

[Tupac]
Hahahahahaha
My adversaries crumble when we rumble it's a catastrophe
I pull revenge on bitch niggaz that blasted me
Plus my alias is Makaveli
A loaded three-fifty-seven with hollow points to a nigga belly
Bust him to see if he bleed, he shoulda never fucked around
with a sick-ass nigga like me
They call my name out and niggaz run, best be prepared
for the Outlawz, here we come

[Hussein Fatal]
They call me Hussein Fatal, it's a two game table
I'm robbin ya niggaz cradle wit a knife in your navel
Rap-related criminally activated and evil
I wouldn't wanna be you behind my fuckin Desert Eagle
Till the end, I'm tellin all friends and enemies
You see what I got to make you freeze, to touch me you need ten of these
Complete most, wanted on the streets of the East coast
Young Gunz fire and niggaz bleed, I see Mo

[Kastro]
I be shinin like white diamonds and crystal, glistenin holdin pistols
The mission's simple, fold up and roll up dead presidentials
Sew up all the potential, million, billion dollar baller potential
Sort it, oughta call on a nigga I'll be sure to get you
Take cash bro, fast yo, for my Kastro
Blast and I'ma last yo past all these Glass Joes
and assholes who claim, like they be runnin thangs
I be gunnin those same niggaz runnin late, to their fate

[Napoleon]
My alias is motherfuckin Na-poleon, and I'd rather be
robbin again before these motherfuckers leave me sufferin
But the shit ain't nothin, and I got no time for no bluffin
befo' a nigga finish with puttin in work I betta end up with somethin
I think these niggaz got the game fucked up
If they don't believe, that a young nigga like me, would bust (Boo-Yaa!)
Perhaps it's a must, I'm facin cases, fuck probation
is what I'm screamin when these money hungry cops be chasin

[Chorus: Tupac]

Thug nigga till we die, no mercy
on these playa hatin bitches, ask me why - when we ride!
Thug nigga till we die, no mercy
on these playa hatin bitches, ask me why - when we ride!

[Mussolini]
It's the imperial serial killer, alias Mussolini
Mentally unstable G status, so you can't see me
Drug warlord, riding Concorde jets
Rag Vette's, shakin bitches and snitches and trippin on sets
Ingle-Watts banger, keepin one in the chamber
For the anger that I build inside, when it's time to ride
Suicidal thoughts lurk fuckin no end to revenge
Fuck any, my alias Mussolini

[Idi Amin]
They call me Idi, from the side of seedy
Young nigga greedy, so I'm runnin up on these niggaz easy
It ain't nuttin, cause if they wantin somethin, so I'ma commence
to dumpin stomp down and struck up while my beat is bumpin, Thuggin
to my fuckin last nut, with Lo-Pole and Kastro
Who you thought was on that asshole, don't ask though
Outlaw Immortalz doin this dit-nirt on the sli-zow
Ain't no chance to hide when we ride

[Khadafi]
My alias Khadafi, Trump tight so feds can't copy
Six-three and cocky quick to hit your bitch if she drop me
Severely addicted to livin like a fuckin felon
while beefin with rookie cops the cookie rocks a nigga sellin
Since a short I been livin life defiant, nickel plated chrome
Got this baby Capone lookin like a giant, and I ain't lyin
It's like it's me against myself with all these
backstabbin snakes grabbin at my fuckin wealth

[Mo Khomeini]
Mo Khomeini goes terrorist, mad man killer
The bottom of the river where the body lays and shivers
I'm that nigga with the fifty cap pouch, with the murderous stacks
that increase, while these motherfuckers eat beef
It's been a long road, a lot of episodes
And as the glock loads, I gotta teach hoes
Reach hoes, make em feel a nigga when I'm mashin
Now I'm surpassin any assassin

[Chorus 2X]

[Tupac]
Hahahaha, Outlaw Immortalz baby
Y'all niggaz can't fade this ol crazy shit
Makaveli, Hussein, Kastro, Khadafi, Mussolini
Amin, Naploleon, Khomani
What y'all really wanna do?
Haha like them niggaz said
"What would you do? If you could fuck with me and my crew"
Hehahahahaha, Thug Life, yeah nigga
Flashin on niggaz
Thug Life right? This year we Thug Life
But we Outlaw Immortalz
We die nigga, but we multiply, we like legends nigga
Like I'll make you famous motherfucker
I'm talkin about Newsweek and Time Magazine and all that ol good shit
My niggas make the papers baby
My niggas make the front page
Multiple gunshots [fades]

##newsong##

Aight, new drink
one part alize one part cristal
Thugs Passion baby
y'all know what time it is
This drink is Guaranteed to get the pussy wet and the dick hard
now if you with me
Pour a glass and drink with a nigga
know what I mean ?
I ain't trying to turn you all niggas into alcoholics
Alcoholics (ha ha)
I'm just trying to turn you into motherfucking thugs
So come and get some of this thug passion Baby

[Verse One: Dramacydal]

I could pull out the drink
and be good 'till it's relevant but
I'm a straight solider, I'll roll up a nigga
like its Heaven sent
Tripping over dead presidents
they got these derelicts
I throw was down with this business
Tryin' clown and get a cent
and so rather
than stand forever, been thinking
drinking over a felony
and hell of me and how it will be some other shit
People telling me to cool out
But they ain't feeling me
a mother fucking fool 'bout
my fucking cheddar cheese
and it pleases, passion of mine
Thuggin huggin plenty of G's
and laughing while I pass through times
And all these back stabbers be watching
Just keep it plain
I'm a keep it the same partner
Just take it the simple game
I can pinkle with the rain twinkling
diamonds and thangs go plinklin
enough to hold me, til' I'm, old and wrinkling
and These adversaries
they gonna have to be worrying
cause I'm a be illing
Fulfilling my Passion
Till I'm burryin'
My Thug Passion

[Chorus: Jewell]

I heard it's the bomb
and you got it going on
give me some of your Thug Passion Baby
You got me dripping wet
from the way you make me sweat
give me some of your Thug Passion Baby
owwowwwowwww

[Verse Two: Dramacydal]

Now what if me
turn this Hennessy,
into a robbery
the Prophecy probably suddenly
switch and How it supposed to be?
And Dirty money
Can't be evil cause it's filling up my tummy see
Born in a position
Death collision
was futuristic
twisting riches
But there is only one way to make mo'
so I'm standing on the corner
trying to hustle in the snow
and My bigger bro
couldn't know
but buy a four four
blasting at player hating
wantin' mo'
with a Thug Passion

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Putting down mashin'
control by this Thug's Passion
unlike them other busters pistol blastin'
I'm asking, What Happened?
To the niggas who kept it real
like they claim to
that's when I bang do
see thang true
Traveling this road my poor soul
has been consolidated
with all this bullshit I done tolerated
How I made it
can easily stated
it's like my heart be gripped with the Passion
to be the fucking greatest
Load up and take shit

[Dramacydal]

Make this to some high dollar gangster shit
jack a stack till we got enough bank to split

[Verse Four: Storm]

Creep with me
through that Immortal flow
Thug Passion got you tremblin'
like Death on the Row
make your move
so I can throw your mind a curve
while I'll be blowing up the scene
like my nigga Mr. Herb
take a toke
as your heart goes full arrest
I got the bomb
so nigga, fuck the rest
you need a thug to get you flowin'
and let that loc see smoke
feelin' the strokes of the nine squeeze tight and slow

[Chorus]

[Verse Five: 2Pac]

They say money don't make the man
but damn I'm makin' money
observin' you motherfuckers
cause some of you bitches funny
say you want it
but you bullshitin'
lickin' them lips
you got me about to act a fool quick
sippin' on some Alize and Cristal, meanwhile
buy me a drink
and get to winking at me
she smiles
a niggas full of passion
Satisfaction is everlastin'
How does it feel?
what I'm askin'
while I'm rubbin' on that ass
why you laughin'?
see, I'm diggin' as if I'm curious
full blown and furious
baby get a grip
when I be doin' this
It's so physical
my attraction
driven by alcohol
beware of my reaction
baby I'm born to ball
thugged out on Death Row
You better recognize
and picture what I said so
Now you can feel it
it's a potion for my niggas in motion
forever blastin'
bitches ain't ready for this Thug Passion

[Chorus 4X]

##newsong##

[2Pac]
Yeah -- clear enough for ya? (Is that right?)
(Hahahahaha) Yeah
(Hehehehe) Why niggaz look mad? (Is that right?)
Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free!
Y'all niggaz look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail, hahah!
Hoe bustaz

Picture me rollin in my 500 Benz
I got no love for these niggaz, there's no need to be friends
They got me under surveillance, that's what somebody be tellin
Know there's dope bein sold, but +I+ ain't the one sellin!
Don't want to be another number
I got a fuckin gang of weed to keep from goin under
The federales wanna see me dead - niggaz put prices on my head
Now I got two Rottwillers by me bed, I feed em lead
Now I'm released, how will I live? Will God forgive me 
for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids?
One life to live, it's so hard to be positive
when niggaz shootin at your crib
Mama, I'm still thuggin, the world is a war zone
My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong
Full grown, finally a man, just scheamin on ways 
to put some green inside the palms of my empty hands
Just picture me rollin
Flossin a Benz on rims that isn't stolen
My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone
I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone
My nerves is wrecked, heart beatin and my hands is swollen
thinkin of the G's I'll be holdin, picture me rollin

Can you see me now? Heheheh
Move to the side a little bit so you can get a CLEAR picture
Can you see it? Hahah
Pictue me rollin
Yeah nigga!
Ay but peep how my nigga Syke do it to you
Guess who's back?

[Syke]
I got ki's, comin from overseas
Cost a nigga two hundred G's
I'm a street comando, Nino for example
This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle
So I got to floss cause I'm more like a boss playa
Thug, branded to be a women layer
So mny playa haters, imitaters steady swangin
Make me wanna start back bangin
So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed
Packin forty glocks, contain em or rearrange
All that jealousy and envy comin from my enemies
While I'm sippin on Re-mi
in front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam
Ninety-six big body, sittin on chrome
As we head up out the zone, stone-facin is on
You can admire, but don't look too long
I'm livin a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin
It's hard to imagine -- picture me rollin!

[Danny Boy]
Picture, picture me, picture me rollin
Rollin, picture me rollin
Wheelin, picture me rollin in
Picture me yea yeah

[CPO]
Mmm, I gots to get the fuck up in it, formulate a caper
Cause a nigga straight sufferin from lack of havin paper
My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see?
So I needs to hit a lick, drastically
I see some baldin-ass niggaz and they slippin in my spot
And, uh, diggin the plots (so what?)
Checkin in the park, 'Pac

[2Pac]
We caught em sleepin, he didn't peep you niggaz creepin?
This how we do it every weekend
I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit
CPO, we got the bomb spot, nigga time to clock it
I get the liquor, and you could get the females
This crooked shit that we inflictin gettin street sales

[CPO]
Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my nine
I'm as cool as a motherfucker, I'ma get mine
Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swollen
Boss Hog and this 'Pac nigga... picture us rollin

[Danny Boy]
Rollin
Picture me roll-hoee-ollin
Picture me, picture me rollin

[2Pac speaks while Danny Boy keeps singing]
Heheheheheheh
Is y'all ready for me?
Picture me rollin roll call
You know there's some muh'fuckers out there I just could not forget about
I wanna make sure they can see me
Number one on my list: Clinton Correctional Facilities
All you bitch ass C.O.'s
Can you niggaz see me from there?
Ballin on y'all punk ass, ahhaahahah!
Picture me rollin, baby
Yeah, all them niggaz up in them cell blocks
I told y'all niggaz when I come home it's on
Hmm, that's right nigga, picture me rollin
Oh, I forgot! The D.A.
Yeah, that bitch had a lot to talk about in court
Can the hoe see me from here?
Can you see me, hoe?
Picture me rollin
And all you punk police -- can you see me?
Am I clear to you? 
Picture me rollin nigga, legit
Free like O.J. all day
You can't stop me
You know I got my niggaz up in this motherfucker
Manute, Pain, Syke, ?, Mopreme, ??
Can you picture us rollin?
Can you see me hoe? Hehehe
Is y'all ready for me? .. We up out this bitch
Any time y'all wanna see me again
Rewind this track right here, close your eyes
and picture me rollin

###newsong##

Ay what time is it nigga? (I don't know)
Oh shit, 12 o'clock
Oh shit, we got to get the fuck up outta here (hell yeah)
Nigga, it's check out time nigga
Hey call up Kurupt, call Daz room (hey there bitch, where Suge at nigga?)
Call Suge, call all the niggaz tell em to meet me downstairs
(Where K and them niggaz at man?)
Tell the valet, bring the Benz around
(Ay y'all seen my shoes?)
Hey Kurupt, y'all niggaz driving or y'all flying back, what's up?
(Kurupt: Man, I'm rolling man, fuck that shit)
Hey Syke nigga, come on man, get up out the bathroom fool
(Fuck that, I lost some money nigga)
Aw nigga, damn

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Now I'm up early in the morning breath stinking as I'm yawning
Just another sunny day in California
I got my mind focused on some papers while I'm into sexy capers
Give a holla to them hoochies last night that tried to rape us
Will these rap lyrics take us, plus room all up in Vegas
I'm a boss player, death before I let these bitches break us
Last night was like a fantansy, Alize and Hennessee
A hoochie and her homie dirty dancing with my man and me
Told her I was interested, picture all the shit we did
I got her hot and horny, all up on me, what a freaky bitch
First you argued, then I fight it, til you lick me where I like it
Got a nigga all excited, it don't matter just don't bite it
I never got to check out the sense
Too busy trying to dig a hole in your jeans
Now it seems, it's check out time

[Chorus: 2Pac]

We gotta go [2X]
Gotta go, gotta go
Yeah baby, hahaha, it's check it out time
We gotta go [4X]
Gotta go nigga, gotta go (y'all know what time it is)
Ay, c'mon man get y'all bags man call that valet motherfucker
Tell him to get a nigga shoe, cause we out this motherfucker

[Verse Two: Kurupt]

They label me an outlaw, so it's time for the panty raid
My fantasies came true, with Janet on, I'm in a Escapade
But did it all end too soon
All the homies running through the halls room to room, so I assume
Since I'm a player like my nigga Syke
Then it's only right for me to disappear into the night
My game's Trump tight, so I find time to recline
Sneak into your room, instant massage, shit wines of all kinds
I ain't got that much time
So hurry up and pop the Dom and let me hit it from behind
Since I'm only here for one night, I got to get you hot and heated
Play like Micheal Jackson, and Beat It
One more thing I like to mention, I'm done and I'm out
cause there's someone else who deserves my attention
So all the homies round up in the lobby
Cause busting bitches is a hobby, nigga
It's check out time

[Chorus: Kurupt]

We gotta go [8X]
Aiyyo man 'Pac ay where the where the fuck is Daz at man?
This nigga locked up or somethin
The only one not to leave
Yo man it's check out time, it's time to get out this mother
You seem them bitches?
We out man, fuck that shit
Yo Rece! Yo nigga what's up?

[Verse Three: Syke]

Hey I'm living the life of a boss player
The front desk calling but I'm checking out later
My behaviour is crazy, from what you did to me baby
If walls could talk, they'd say, you tried to fade me
I'm puttin in work, but didn't hurt from the jacuzzi to the bed
Caressing your thoughts, cause I'm living Fed
Heard what I said? Passion is crashing the room
From the liquor we consumed I heard a boom
I'm blacking out, you're yelling out 'Big Syke Daddy'
We did it in the caddy on the highway, my way
I'm lost in a dream, and so it seemed, to be the night
Five bottles of Cristal and I'm still tight
Out of sight, for 'Pac and Kurupt
As I get it up, once the doors close you stuck
In a heaty, sticky situation
Get up baby, you ain't on vacation
It's check out time

[Chorus: Syke]

We gotta go [8X]
Ay, it's check out time
Ay 'Pac, nigga where my motherfucking, where my shoes go nigga?
Where my motherfucking drawers and shit at man?
Man y'all niggaz was in here partyin too fucking much
What the fuck y'all doing nigga?
Kurupt, go tell Daz man and Bogart and the rest of them niggaz
c'mon man, niggaz is trippin man
Front desk all calling me telling me to get the hell outta here man
We gotta go [8X]
I ain't got no more money, somebody loan me a hundred

##newsong##


[RR]
Pac
[PAC]
Hey
[RR]
What's happening
[PAC]
Not motherfucking double R, Richie Rich
[RR]
What's happening baby, you know how we do it
[PAC]
Yeah nigga, you know I'm up out this bitch
It's time for me to uhhh regulate
[RR]
Fo' sho', hey
[PAC]
Observe
[RR]
and you ain't going back
[PAC]
Nah nah nah, we got to show these motherfuckers what's up though
[RR]
This is for the honeys, the superstar
[PAC]
I don't want to be her man, I want to be her nigga
You feel me?
[RR]
Well let em know

[Verse One: 2Pac, Richie Rich]

You fucking wit niggas that's insecure, watered down, my shit is pure
Write down my number but don't call me til you sure
I ain't beggin just trying to relocate between ya legs
Drippin wet, as we experiment in sweaty sex
When you met me you wouldn't let me, and now
you straight beggin to sex me got you undressing to test me and uhh..

Shut me down if ya want, and miss the chance to do it live
When I stroll by, I see that look in yo' eye
You want a nigga, but think that you can't have a nigga
Don't cheat yourself, instead treat yourself
If you scared go to church, I know it hurts
To find out me and your man be sharing skirts

I hoping you don't take this the wrong way
But your body is bangin got me attracted in a strong way
After a long day of trying to make my songs pay
Making love all day against the wall in the hallway
Ya fantasies come alive, ya heart rate
shall increase when we meet up in this dark place
You might think you're happy with him
but that's a lie, so give this Thug a try
I'd rather be ya nigga

[Chorus: 2Pac]

I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a Thug in your life
Cause busters ain't loving you right
[repeat 2X]

[Verse Two: 2Pac, Richie Rich]

Look, now you was sprung from the introduction
My conversation's full of game yet laced with seductions
I see ya blushing like ya want somethin, come get a taste
of America's Most Wanted and let's get into some touching, erotic fucking
My up and down with no interruptions
have no intentions of bustin until you learn ya lesson
Now many questions are often asked, a drop top, 500 Benz
and plenty cash, to help a nigga get the ass

You can ride out the spoke coke, to get your lobster and crab
Cause all I got is conversation and a gang of stab
and I'm gonna listen when it hurts, I'm gonna hang out but never stay
Smoke blunts but leave them stunts up to Super Dave
I'll be your nigga, as long as we can understand
that I's the nigga whose spoke coke can be the man
He wine and dine, but me and you we whine and grind
And when I'm on the field keep him on the sidelines

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: 2Pac, Richie Rich]

Now it's time for the moment of truth, I got ya naked
Totally sweating, let's see how hot I can make it
Tongue kissing til yo' head swang, I'm so into you
Witness a nigga make the bed bang
If it's all mine, then let me know, now scream my name out
Do you want it fast or shall I hit it slow?
Not to mention, the multiple positions I inflict
A boss player, freaky motherfucker, can addict

Uhh, it's on and poppin, now you seed what I was seeing
Why yo' eyes rolling, Luke seen ya girl I ain't going
nowhere, let's let that sucker stay out there
While he's stressed out and knock I stretch out the cock
Hold the boots, and let the nigga execute
And though you got it right, I'm going home tonight

You say you don't need a man, but I don't care
You in the presence of a player, I'd rather be ya nigga

[Chorus 2.25X]

##newsong##

['Pac talking]
Big Syke, Newt, Hank
Beugard, Big Sur (yeah)
Y'all know how this shit go (y'know)
{All Eyez On Me}
Motherfuckin O.G. 
Roll up in the club and shit (is that right?)
{All Eyez On Me}
{All Eyez On Me}
But you know what?

[2Pac]
I bet you got it twisted you don't know who to trust
So many playa hating niggaz tryin to sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin
Straight to the depths of hell is where those cowards goin
Well are you still down nigga? Holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggaz every time we ride (every time we ride)
Hittin motherfuckers up when we pass by (when we pass by)
Until I die; live the life of a boss playa
Cause even when I'm high, fuck with me and get crossed later
The futures in my eyes, cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh - Benz flauntin flashy rings, uhh
Bitches pursue me like a dream
Been know to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems - my main thang was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin jealous, and motherfuckers died
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got foe niggaz, and lowriders, in ski masks
screamin Thug Life every time they pass {All Eyez On Me}

[Chorus One: 2Pac]

Live the life of a thug nigga, until the day I die
live the life of a boss playa {All Eyez On Me}
cause even gettin high.. ..{All Eyez On Me}
Live the life of a thug nigga, until the day I die
live the life of a boss playa, cause even gettin high..

[Syke]
Heeyyy, to my nigga 'Pac..
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin everyday, times moving faaast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my woman, and my pistol, and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve, let my bucket swerve
I'm takin off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a tec
Devoted to servin this, Moet and paaayyy-checks
Like Akai satellite nigga I'm forever ballin
It ain't right parasites triggers and fleas crawlin
Sucker duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin my business nigga keep on coastin
Where you goin I been there came back as lonely homie
Steady flowin against the grain niggaz STILL don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny niggaz don't even know how to act - shit!
What can I do, what can I say, is there another way?
Blunts and gin all day, twenty-fo' parlay
My little homie G, can't you see, I'm busta free
Niggaz can't stand me - all eyes on me!

[Chorus Two: 2Pac]

I live the life of a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live the life as a boss playa {All Eyez On Me}
cause even gettin high {All Eyez On Me}
I live the life of a thug nigga, until the day I die
live the life as a boss playa {All Eyez On Me}
cause even gettin high

[2Pac]
The feds is watchin, niggaz plottin to get me
Will I survive, will I die? Come on let's picture the possibility
Givin me charges, lawyers makin a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong, and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile callin big shots on the scene major
Packing hundreds in my drawers; fuck the law
Bitches I fuck with a passion, I'm livin rough and raw
Catchin cases at a fast rate, ballin in the fast lane
Hustle til the mornin, never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin high 
these niggaz got me tossin shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz burnin rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is fully strapped
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with the bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket
Get your money motherfucker let's get rich and we'll kick it
All eyes on me!

[Chorus Three: 2Pac]

I live the life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live the life as a boss playa {All Eyez On Me}
cause even gettin high.. ..{All Eyez On Me}
I live the life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live the life as a boss playa {All Eyez On Me}
cause even gettin high.. ..{All Eyez On Me}

['Pac talking]
Pay attention my niggaz
See how that shit go? Nigga walk up in this motherfucker
and it be like "bing!"
Cops.. bitches.. everymotherfuckinbody
[overlap]
Live my life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin high
I got bustas hoes and police watchin a nigga y'know?
[overlap]
I live my life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Livin life as a boss playa, cause even gettin high
{All Eyez On Me}
Hehehe.. it's like what they think?
I'm walkin around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin?
{All Eyez On Me}
They think I'm goin back to jail, they REALLY on that dope
[overlap]
Live my life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa
I know y'all watchin, I know y'all got me in the scopes
[overlap]
Live my life as a thug nigga, until the day I die
Live my life as a boss playa, cause even gettin high
I know y'all know this is Thug Life baayy-bay
Y'all got me under surveillance huh?
{All Eyez On Me}
But I'm knowin

##newsong##


(You can run tha streetz with your Thugs)
i'll be waiting for you
until you get through
i'll be waiting)

[Tupac]

Now peep it
Here go tha secret on how to keep a playa
some love makin' and homecookin' 
i'll see ya later
It don't take alot to keep a nigga hard
must be a lady in tha light
but real freaky in tha dark
plus I got some enemies, baby
hold my pistol
and wrap your arms around a nigga
everytime I kiss you
can you visualize the picture ?
me and you in extasy
don't be upset
it's good sex
when you next to me
do you wanna test me ?
put your tired head on my chest
A Thug niggas in tha house 
now you can rest
I betcha never screamed a niggas whole name out
and felt tha pleasure and tha pain
about to fuck tha very taste out your mouth
If you call me when you need me
1-800-skypage
when you wanna see me
cause I can be your man
and baby you can be my lady
but you gotta give a nigga space
or you'll drive me crazy
Run tha Streetz....

[Chorus x2]

(You can run tha streetz with your Thugs)
i'll be waiting for you
until you get through
i'll be waiting)

[Storm]

Now me and you was cool
but I ain't tha one to play tha fool
can't make no money in bed
so ain't no future fuckin' you
I ain't tha bitch ta love ya
can't do a damn thang for you
if you ain't about money
9 times outta ten 
i'll ignore you
It's a man's World
but real women make tha shit go around
disrespect 
and I clown
tha type of bitch to throw down
throw up tha block
cause nothin' stops my chips
I boss playa with this
then twist you lame tricks
Holla if ya understand my plan ladies
fuck havin' babies by them shady ass niggas
Swearin', he can save me
My stratagies official
checkin' ya pockets while I tounge kiss ya
soft as tissue
so my next issue is 'how to diss you ?'
they call me Storm
from tha day I was born
I been known to break tha coldest muthafucker 
till' his hearts warm
I ain't never been tha type to wait at home alone
just cause we bone
don't mean you own me
nigga, i'm grown

[Chorus x2]

(You can run tha streetz with your Thugs)
i'll be waiting for you
until you get through
i'll be waiting)

[Mutah]

I'd rather run tha streetz to make some mail
and put tha game down tight
for these gamin' bitches could get it right
It might be a plan that i'm choosen
don't get in confusion
because i'm known for showin' examples 
how i do it
Thinkin' i'm new to this
because i'm younger
where i'll only leave you suspecious and to wonder
and at tha end I make a come up
Nigga, was raiseed up
off of M.O.B.
fighting over something 
that's tellen me don't run tha streetz 

[Tupac]

So tell me am I wrong ?
for tryin' to communicate through a song
I'm up early in tha morning
by sunrise i'll be gone
all my homies is waitin' for me
plotin' on plans that we made
and all tha fun that it's gonna be
so meet me at 3'
and don't be late nigga
we hagin' out all night
while drinkin' straight liquor
I heard it's popin' at a club
but they say I can't get in
cause i'm dressed like a thug
until I die
i'll be game related
got me strivin' for a million
stayin' motivated
now that we made it
it's a battle 
just for tha big money
I'm livin' wild
no smiles
cause ain't a thing funny
I came up hungry
just a little nigga
tryin' to make it
I only got one chance
so I gotta take it
ya never know when it's all gonna happen
tha rappen or tha drugs
but until then 
give me love
and let me Run tha Streetz

[Chorus x7]

(You can run tha streetz with your Thugs)
i'll be waiting for you
until you get through
i'll be waiting)

##newsong##

[Tupac] They say

[Intro/Chorus:]

[B-Legit] 
Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
[C-Bo] 
Where I can pile up my chips
[Richie Rich] 
And niggaz call me a timer
[Tupac] 
I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
[E-40] 
Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

[Tupac] That's right, that's right boy start that shit off

[Verse One: 2Pac]

I heard a rumour I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Pictures of me in my final stage you know Mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Why I spend most of my time on California crime
Watching for thievin I'm cautious it's like I'm barely breathin
Puttin a bullet in mutherfuckers give me a reason 
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded 
You tried to play me now homicide is my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin, too scared to fight a G
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin life after a night of fuckin around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme 
then bring your big bad ass to California, cause we ain't hard to find

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: C-Bo, B-Legit]

I got my locs on hard hat goin to war
Breakin them off on sight, stoppin lives like red lights
Watch em pause as I pull my strap, out my drawers
And get to dumpin on they ass, like the last outlaws
Rich, Tupac and the Click, smokin blunts, loadin clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick

I'm fully automatic full of static and shit
Movin Dodge van fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin shot gun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckerin mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O 
Where sellin narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, bleed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker I ain't hard to find

Some may call me Bootsy, but I call it timin
That's while I keeps on grindin (that's right)
to the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a hoe, a hoe
get in my way, then that ass gots to go
Cause a nigga steady plottin
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin

[Chorus]

[Tupac] C-Bo and D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
[E-40] Da Bay, beitch!

[Verse Three: E-40, Richie Rich]

Down the steps 
Abandonded broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal lipstick hairy can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is the proof without the drama play
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for, if ya gonna hesitate
Best shake and bake although mine was first to ask niggaz
Motherfuckers didn't think I wasn't going do somethin, ask niggaz
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him have at him

Check this out
I grew up with that nigga, threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin to ride, double-edgin for the other side
But now, my glock be so judgemental
Back seat of a rental keep my name out your dental
Nigga, if your gum bleedin, and you needin
mo' than twenty sticthes, you behaved like dem bitches
Sideways to the race
Heavy in the game, check the resident it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find

[Tupac] Hell nah we ain't hard to find
[C-Bo] The whole clickilation fool
[E-40] Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch

[Tupac]
Why them niggaz actin like they can't find us
like like they can't see us and
like we don't be at the same spots they be at
It's the same congregation, Young Pac is back
YouknowhatImean?
[C-Bo] Nigga be lookin all the way when he see you and shit
It's a celebration, Young Pac is back
[E-40] Motherfuckers better understand this shit
[Tupac]
Ay D-Shot nigga can we get paid man?
Can we just go there and sock this shit up?
Hey, we smokin, and we ain't hard to fine
Drinkin and shit, fuckin with some hurricane
[E-40] A motherfucker's gonna get his Marlboros regardless playa
[Tupac] You suPPOSED to
Sideways to the next light...

##newsong##	

[Tupac Talking]

Heaven ain't hard to find
(All you gotta do is look)

[Tupac]

Simply because you nervous, let me start off with my conversation
Hoping my information, eleviates the hesitiation
I can see it clearly now
catch you smiling through your frown
I'm askin' Baby Boo are you down ?
Although I know you've heard about my reputation 
across the nation
"Mr. I get around"
My temptaion got me dripping wet 
perspiration
I'm activated by the moves your making
Baby why you faking? strip naked get the love making
See its all in your mind, so every time I sip a glass of wine
I fantasize till that ass is mine
Never gettin' but wanting, never touching but wishing
A straight thug on a mission until I get what I'm missing
Stop with the beeper, baby Listen,
I know you're grown, but pay attention
Let me hypnotize with my tounge kissen'
This is a message to bomb bodies and all dimes

Turn around one more time
Heaven ain't hard to find

[Chorus]

(Heaveeen)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven ain't hard to find)

Heaven ain't hard to find
Infact you can have it just have faith
Just like a little kid, still believing in magic
It takes a lot of scarifice 
with all the lonely nights on tour
I need somebody I can trust in my life
Let me apply the brakes 
baby you're moving to fast
My conversations are getting deeper, but first let me ask 
Are you afraid of a thug ? 
and have you ever made love 
with candles and bubbles sipping in your tub
Touch me and let me activate your bloodpressure
This Thug Passion 
help the average man love better
Picture me naked and glistening beneath the moonlight mist
Take a shot of that alazhay 
come give me a kiss
And maybe we can be better friends 
perhaps we'll be closer
I'll be the thug in your life
baby and you'll be my soulja
And I know it takes some time
And you got a lot of questions on your mind
But relax, in due time
Heaven Ain't Hard to Find

[Chorus]

(Heaveeen)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven ain't hard to find)

You think we all dogs, thats why you cautious when I approached you
Been talking since you arrived, but not a word is spoken
Through my eye contact, I wink and you respond back
Look at me 
whats all that ? Huh
its like the closer you get, Baby the quicker I'm speaking
I got a flight out Chicago, lets kick it this weekend
I'm sipping Heneesee and coke 
tho' addicted to weed smoke
I'm fiendin' for your body even mo'
Oh god help me identify me truest thoughts
your hidden motives full of passion who would of thought
Come hollar at me baby, love me for my thug nature
Far from a playa hater, label me a money maker
Straight heart breaker
Baby we can be friends 
I can soup you in my Benz 
we'll ride 
I'll let you floss it for your friends
Once we begin 
until the end, it gets better with time
I'm makin' love to your mind baby
Heaven ain't hard to find

[Chorus]

(Heaveeen)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven ain't hard to find)

A coward dies a thousand deaths
A soldier dies but once

[Verse One]
They say pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plottin on murderin motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Picturin pitiful punk niggaz coppin pleas
Puffin weed as I position myself to clock G's
My enemies scatter in suicidal situations
Never to witness the wicked shit that they was facin
Pockets is packed with presidents, pursue your riches
Evadin the playa hatin tricks, while hittin switches
Bitches is bad-mouth, cause brawlin motherfuckers is bold
But y'all some hoes, the game should be sewed
I'm sick of psychotic society somebody save me
Addicted to drama so even mama couldn't raise me
Even the preacher and all my teachers couldn't reach me
I run in the streets and puffin weed wit my peeps
I'm duckin the cop, I hit the weed as I'm clutchin my glock
Niggaz is hot when I hit the block, what if I die tonight

[Chorus]
If I die tonight [repeat 3X]
"Tonight's the night I get in some shit" - [Dr. Dre]

[Verse Two]
Polishin pistols prepare for battle pass the pump
When I get to poppin niggaz is droppin then they done
Callin the coroner come collect the fuckin corpse
He got it by killer, preoccuppied with bein boss
Revenge is the method, whenever steppin keep a weapon close
Adversaries are overdosed over deadly notes
Jealous niggaz and broke bitches equal packed jails
Hit the block and fill your pockets makin crack sales
Picture perfection pursuin paper with a passion
Visions of prisons for all the pussies that I blasted
Runnin with criminals individuals with no remorse
Try to stop me my pistol posse's usin deadly force
In my brain all I can think about is fame
The police know my name, a different game, ain't a thing changed
I'm seein cemetary photos of my peers
Conversatin like they still here, if I die tonight

[Chorus]

[Verse Three]
Pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plottin on murderin motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Pray to the heavens three-fifty-sevens to the sky
And I hope I'm forgiven for Thug Livin when I die
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto for Thug niggaz
A stress free life and a spot for drug dealers
Pissin while practicin how to pimp and be a playa
Overdose of a dick, while drinkin liquor when I lay her
Pistol whippin these simps, for bein petrified and lame
Disrespectin the game, prayin for punishment and pain
Goin insane, never die, live eternal, who shall I fear?
Don't shed a tear for me nigga I ain't happy hear
I hope they bury me and send me to my rest
Headlines readin MURDERED TO DEATH, my last breath
Take a look picture a crook on his last stand
Motherfuckers don't understand, if I die tonight

[Chorus]

##newsong##


[2Pac:]
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Oooohhh, oooohhh
[2Pac:]
Nuttin to lose...
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Oahhhh, oahhhahh
[2Pac:]
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Oh-hahhh
[2Pac:]
Stuck in the game
Me against the world baby

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is droppin
There ain't no stoppin me
Constantly movin while makin millions
Witnessin killings, leavin dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Can't raise the children cause they're illin
Addicted to killin and the appeal from the cap peelin
Without feelin, but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket - the aftermath
More bodies being buried - I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetary
Got me worried, stressin, my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, cause this is how it is
What's the use unless we're shootin no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby

[Girl:]
Me against the world
[2Pac:]
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Ooooh yeah, ooo-hooo
[2Pac:]
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Me against the world
[2Pac:]
Cause it's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Hey!
[2Pac:]
Me against the world
[Girl:]
Ooooh yeah
[2Pac:]
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
I got nothing to lose

[Verse 2: Dramacydal]
Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, livin wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin
Seein Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy
And screamin I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villian, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Everday there's mo' death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein mo' reasons for me to proceed with thievin
Scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin fat cuts, but yo it ain't workin
And Evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
When I gets to pervin, so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, makin sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well

[Girl:]
Me against the world
[2Pac:]
With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Ooh yeah... oooh-ooooh
[2Pac:]
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Me against the world
[2Pac:]
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Oahhhohh
[2Pac:]
Ha ha
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Ha-ahh, HA-AHH!
[2Pac:]
With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Me against the world, hoahhh
[2Pac:]
Me against the world
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Ha-hahh (hehe) heyy!

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
With all this extra stressin
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest? Through this supression
They punish the people that's askin questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possessions
The message I stress: to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less - even a genius asks-es questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin of riches, in a position of makin a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nuttin like the game
It's just me against the world

[Girl:]
Me against the world
[2Pac:]
Nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Me against the world
[2Pac:]
Got me stuck in the game
It's just me against the world
[Girl:]
Oahahhhh
[2Pac:]
I'd be ashamed to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[Girl:]
Me against the world

[Outro: 2Pac]
Heh, hahahahahahah
That's right
I know it seem hard sometimes but uhh
Remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out
Keep your head up, and handle it

[Girl:]
Me against the world [x3]

##newsong##

I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears (if I should die before I wake)
Please God walk with me (grab a nigga and take me to Heaven)

Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dyin breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me? I'm not livin in the past, you wanna last
Be tha first to blast, remember Kato
No longer with us he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets
Now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears

Ahh, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears..
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Now that I'm strugglin in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world cause I'm cursed, I'm havin visions
of leavin here in a hearse, God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure, and all the pain
Show me some happiness again, I'm goin blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't livin well
I know my destiny is Hell, where did I fail?
My life is in denial, and when I die, 
baptized in eternal fire I'll shed so many tears

Lord, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears..
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal, so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step, to bring me closer
to embrace an early death, now there's nothin left
There was no mercy on the streets, I couldn't rest
I'm barely standin, bout to go to pieces, screamin peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons tryin to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparkin the flame
inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Paintin a picture of my enemies killin me, in my sleep
Will I survive til the mo'nin, to see the sun
Please Lord forgive me for my sins, cause here I come...

Lord, I suffered through the years (God) and shed so many tears..
God, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Lord knows I.. tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drivebys takin lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, gettin high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future right for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to gettin crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wantin babies
so I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady, cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearin noises, think she fuckin all my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin to the floor; beggin for the Lord to let me in
to Heaven's door -- shed so many tears
(Dear God, please let me in)

Lord, I've lost so many years, and shed so many tears..
I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Lord, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears..
God, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

##newsong##

Yo Mo Bee main, drop that shit!

"Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy" -- [Erick Sermon] (Redman's "Watch Yo' Nugget")
[sample repeats until first verse]

You know what time, boo-yaow
I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand youknowhatI'msayin
And uhh, throw up that finger
Ay yo yo yo throw y'all fingers up!
Thug style baby, Thug style y'know?

[Verse One:]

Tell me baby are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if ya only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong love tell me, cause I get caught up
and the life I live is Hell see, I never thought I'd see
the day when I would calm down, you ain't heard
I've been known to clown and Get Around, that's my word
See you walkin and you lookin good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin me
witcha attitude to match right, don't be phony
cause I hate when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin in the spotlight, I want the fame
but the industry's a lot like, a crap game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be wit you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go...

"Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy" -- [Erick Sermon] (Redman's "Watch Yo' Nugget")
[sample repeats until second verse]

Throw up the finger!
And all my homies go..
Throw them the finger!
Ya know what baby it's like

[singing]
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

[Verse Two:]

Will I cheat or will I be committed, heaven knows
Gettin weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
in my ride and I'm all in, gettin high
I can hear the people callin, I'm passin by
Everybody knows I'm ball-in, and to God
Gotta keep myself from fall-in, but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do
Gettin shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while, you decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty words
in your ears as I kiss ya, on every curve
Slow down baby don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates, do you wanna fall up in heaven
Don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was...

"Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy" -- [Erick Sermon] (Redman's "Watch Yo' Nugget")
[sample repeats until third verse]

Give em the finger!
All my homies go..
Throw your fingers up!
That's just the Thug in me girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like

[singing]
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

[Verse Three:]

A lot of people think it's easy, to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me, in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
Cause even Thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin up the telephone, reminiscin
I wanna take you to the movies, and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me, in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin you right
You're lonely and depressed you need a Thug in your life
Enough talkin, you want me to leave, I'll get to walkin
See you later, cause baby I'm a player, and all I heard was

"Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy" -- [Erick Sermon] (Redman's "Watch Yo' Nugget")
[sample repeats until the end]

Give em the finger
And all my homies go.. yo this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey y'know?
Throw your fingers up
Y'know? They gonna peep this, this how we run game on you

[singing]
Everybody, heyy, alright
Heyy, heyyyeah, heyyyayyy, ohh

[2Pac]
All my niggaz go
Uptown in the
Give em the finger!
Throw your hands up
Give em the finger!

##newsong##

I wanna dedicate this one to Robert 'Yummy' Sanderford
and all other lil' young niggaz that's in a rush to be gangstas

As a young nigga, I'm almost ?swellin? in the wind
Give anythang, to be that innocent again, when I was ten
I didn't bang but I was hangin with the homies
tell them niggaz started slangin that they don't know me
I got my hustle on, learned to ignore what couldn't pay me
Lately I've been tryin to make a bill-ion, can you play me
with that jealousy they need to miss me, don't sweat me
If them cowards really want me, come get me, and even I
someday will die but I'm cautious, I'm fin' to ride
Put down the top, now we flossin
Hit the freeway, let the wind blow, drop the window
Workin with a twenty sack of indo, feelin good
Stop through the hood, grab the young thugs
And I can't help but reminisce back when we slung drugs, know it's bad
but all we had was our hopes and dreams
Couldn't see unless we learned to slang dope to fiends
as young niggaz

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
As a young nigga
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
Always got it blown like Al Capone
Young nigga
He's the downest G I've ever known

Back in Junior High, when we was barely gettin by, when daddy died
That's when my momma started gettin high
My neighborhood was full of drivebys, couldn't survive
All our homies livin short lives, I couldn't cry
Told my momma if I did die, just put a blunt in my casket
let me get my dead homies high
Come follow me throughout my history, it's just
_Me Against the World_ stuck in misery; as a young nigga
My only thing was to be paid
Life full of riches avoid snitched cause they shady, back in the days
We always found the time to play,
but that's before they taught them gangbangers how to spray
Not just L.A., but in the Bay and in Chicago and even St. Louis
Every stadium that I go, when will they change?
Stuck in the game like a dumb nigga
Remember how it was, to be a young nigga

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
As a young nigga
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
Always got it blown like Al Capone
Young nigga
He's the downest G I've ever known

I'm tellin you..
.. to be young, have your brains and have every limb and all that
Yo, y'all niggaz don't know how good you really do got it
Muh'fuckers need to just calm down
and peep what the fuck they wanna do for the rest of the life
'Fore you end your life before you BEGIN your life
You dumb nigga

Now that I'm grown, I got my mind on bein somethin
Don't wanna be another statistic, out here doin nuttin
Tryin to maintain in this dirty game, keep it real
and I will even if it kills me, my young niggaz
break away from these dumb niggaz
Put down the guns and have some fun nigga, the rest'll come nigga
Fame is a fast thang, that gangbangin
puttin niggaz in a casket, murdered for hangin
at the wrong place at the wrong time, no longer livin
Cause he threw up the wrong sign, and every day
I watch the murder rate increases, and even worse
the epidemic and diseases, what is the future?
The projects lookin hopeless, where
more and more borhters givin up and don't care
Sometimes I hate when brothers act up, I hit the weed
and I proceed to blow the track up, for young niggaz

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
For these young niggaz
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
He always got it blown like Al Capone
Take it slow nigga, it's for the young niggaz
He's the downest G I've ever known
As a young nigga

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
Memories as a young nigga
He always got it blown like Al Capone
He's the downest G I've ever known
['Pac talking overlaps singing last four lines]
This go out to the young thugs, the have-nots (you know)
Little bad motherfuckers from the block (that's right)
Them niggaz that's thirteen and fourteen
Drivin Cadillacs, Benzes and shit (I see you boy)
Young motherfuckin hustlers (make that money boy)
Stay strong nigga
You could be a fuckin accountant, not a dope dealer
youknowhatI'msayin? (Go to school nigga, go to school)
Fuck around and, you pimpin out here
You could be a lawyer (really doe)
Niggaz gotta get they priorities straight
(Don't see Johnny Cochran out in this motherfucker)
Really doe.. young niggaz.. little RahRah
(sup nigga) Especially my little cousins don't be no dumb guy
(Don't be a dumb nigga, listen, young niggaz)

[singers freestyle and skat to the end of the song]

##newsong##

[1] [Eboni Foster] Game's been good to me
[2] [Eboni Foster] I don't care what it did to them
The game's been good to me

[Lady Levi]
Oh, you think life is yours?
Life ain't na something you can rap with
Oh come na ordinary game
The game na something you can rap with
Me's a player you know?
I do not, play in no game
Me just, make money, dollars, everytime seen?

[Verse One: 2Pac]
Now how can I explain how this game laced, plus with this fame
I got enemies do anything to break me, my attitude changed
Got to the point where I was driven, twenty-four/seven
Money's my mission, just a nigga trying to make a living
These busta tricks don't want no mail
They spending they riches on skanless bitches
who'll stay petrified in jail
It's hell, plus all the dealers want a meal ticket
Jealous-ass bitches, player-hating but we still kick it
Always keep my eyes on the prize, watch the police
Seen so much murder, neighborhoods getting no sleep
But still, I get my money on major, continuously
Communicating through my pager, niggaz know me
Don't have no homies cause they jealous, I hustle solo
Cause when I'm broke I got no time for the fellas, listen
Ain't nothing poppin 'bout no broke nigga, ain't no joke
Fuck what they say and get your dough nigga
Heavy in the game [1]

[Lady Levi]
Who the bumba claat him a come try take mine?
Oh, me see you rushing up [1]
I throw I'm blood claat P.M. to A.M.
All, all the bumba come ya take dis ting
for ya take dis ting for joke? [2]
Oh! That's right

[Verse Two: Richie Rich]
Well lemme shoot some of this how heavy type of shit.
Certain niggaz wanna stick to the game, yousea trick to the game
Waiting upon your turn, so when will you learn?
Ain't no turns given, niggaz be twisting and taking shit
Putting they sack down, then puttin they mack down
Me myself I hustle with finesse yes I'm an Oakland baller
Rule number one: check game, and for sure you gon' respect game
Be yo' own nigga meaning buy yo' own dope
Cause that front shit is punk shit, somethin I never funked with
Be true to this game and this game will be true to you
That's real shit; disrespect, see what this here do to you
That jackin and robbin, despising your homie
ain't healthy, niggaz be ending up dead 'fore they get wealthy
But not me though, I'm sewing somethin major
so what I reap is boss -- that's why my public status is floss
Went from a, young nigga living residential
to a, young nigga working presidential [1]

[Lady Levi]
Me nigga Tu-pac ALWAYS look good
You know that's true 'I'm look good every time
Ooh, pussy war? Step up [1]
Can you know I'm serving up blood claat
playing you fucking games
Ooh, we take game, we WON [2]
Any by now, all, you haffa forget fi we WON
Everytime

[Verse Three: 2Pac]
I'm just a young black male, cursed since my birth
Had to turn to crack sales, if worse come to worse
Headed for them packed, jails, or maybe it's a hearse
My only way to stack mail, is out here doing dirt
Made my decisions do or die, been hustling since junior high
No time for asking why, gettin high, gettin mine
Put away my nine, cause these times call for four-five sales
cause life is hell and everybody dies
What about these niggaz I despise -- them loud talking cowards
shootin guns into crowds, jeopardizing lives
Shoot em right between them niggaz eyes, it's time to realize
follow the rules or follow them fools that die
Everybody's trying to make the news, niggaz confused
Quit trying to be an O.G. and pay your dues
If you choose to apply yourself, go with the grain
and come the riches and the bitches and the fame
Heavy in the game [1]

[Lady Levi]
Boy, ya nah bitch!
Major that's true we look good everytime
when we at Beers Diamond
and Tupac drives vintage car [1]
And fi them frame them look good, oh no?
This whole world ya call on
gonna mass on a face [2]
For any, section of bumba ras claat, oh!
Flush it! .. Oh!
Nobody wan come test me y'know
true them we a drive pretty car
Wanna no part of any ting
and now you wan come drown a gun
But ya see we know, you haffa show 'I'm MAXIMUM respect
for when a blood claat run or when a pussy walk up
we look good everytime
Nuff dollars, DOLLARS
Y'know about dollars them right?
But we nah talk no shit
We haffa walk the walk for we a talk, see it?
Cause action, action speak louder dan words
You know the record!
Don't blood claat ting at ALL

##newsong##

[2Pac]
Damn, another funeral, another motherfucker
Lord knows	
['Pac is choking on blunt smoke]
Lord knows	
[coughing harder]
Lord knows	
[one final cough]

I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they shoulda killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
and if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm loosin hope, they got me stressin, can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennesey got me queasy
Don't wanna earl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
slangin rocks with your glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin from the cops -- and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows	
[coughing again]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows	
[still coughing]
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
and every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
and still a nigga stressin over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath,
it's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin niggaz, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard 
in the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breath
Got me thinkin, what do Hell got?
Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin game
and Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

One-time! One-time!
Fuck the five-oh cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let em capture me
Done lost too many niggaz to this gangbangin
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin, fucked up!
I had to tell him it was alright, and that's a lie
and he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin up
I'm gettin lost in the weed, man, gettin high
Livin everday, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out, and if I wasn't high
probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows.. Jesus..
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

(Lord knows.. Lord knows.. he he.. he.. he.. heeee...)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

##newsong##


You are appreciated

[Verse One: 2Pac]

When I was young me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time, I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school; and scared to go home, I was a fool
with the big boys, breakin all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister
Over the years we was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddy's, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary?
Heeey! I see the penitentiary, one day
And runnin from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, mama
You always was a black queen, mama
I finally understand
for a woman it ain't easy tryin to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how ya did it
There's no way I can pay you back
But the plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

[Chorus: Reggie Green & "Sweet Franklin" w/ 2Pac]

Lady... 
Don't cha know we love ya? Sweet lady
Dear mama
Place no one above ya, sweet lady
You are appreciated
Don't cha know we love ya?

[second and third chorus, "And dear mama" instead of "Dear mama"]

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Now ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry, cause my anger
wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was lookin for a father he was gone
I hung around with the Thugs, and even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin
I needed money of my own so I started slangin
I ain't guilty cause, even though I sell rocks
It feels good puttin money in your mailbox
I love payin rent when the rent's due
I hope ya got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
Cause when I was low you was there for me
And never left me alone because you cared for me
And I could see you comin home after work late
You're in the kitchen tryin to fix us a hot plate
Ya just workin with the scraps you was given
And mama made miracles every Thanksgivin
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're tryin to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Pour out some liquor and I reminisce, cause through the drama
I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act craaazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate, how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if ya hold on
It's a struggle everyday, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

[Chorus]

Sweet lady
And dear mama

Dear mama
Lady [3X]

##newsong##

Keepin it real

[Verse One: 2Pac]

I take a shot of Henessey now I'm strong enough to face the madness
Nickel bag full of sess weed laced with hash
Phone calls from my niggaz on the, other side
Two childhood friends just died, I couldn't cry
A damn shame, when will we ever change
And what remains from a twelve gauge to the brain
Arguements with my Boo is true
I spend mo' time with my niggaz than I do with you
But everywhere it's the same thang, that's the game
I'll be damned if a thang changed, fuck the fame
I'll be hustling to make a mill-ion, lord knows
Ain't no love for us ghetto children, so we cold
Rag top slowin down, time to stop for gas
Beep my horn for a hoochie with a proper ass, uhh
It ain't easy, that's my motto
Drinkin Tanqueray straight out the bottle
Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
My baby mama gotta mind full of silly games
And all the drama got me stressin like I'm hopeless, I can't cope
Me and the homies smokin roaches, cause we broke
Late night hangin out til the sunrise gettin high
Watchin the cops roll by
It ain't easy... that's right

[Chorus: 2Pac]

It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
[repeat 3X]

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

I can't sleep niggaz plottin on to kill me while I'm dreamin
Wake up sweaty and screamin, cause I can hear them suckers schemin
Probably paranoid, problem is, them punks be fantasizin
A brother bite the bullet, open fire and I died
I wonder why this the way it is, even now
Lookin out for these killer kids, cause they wild
Bill Clinton can you recognize a nigga representin
Doin twenty to life in San Quentin
Gettin calls from my nigga Mike Tyson, ain't nuttin nice
Yo 'Pac, do something righteous witcha life
And even thou you innocent you still a nigga, so they figure
Rather have you behind bars than triggers
But I'm hold ya down and holla Thug Life, lickin shots
Til I see my niggaz free on the block
But no it ain't easy, hahahah
Til I see my niggaz free, on the block, oh
It ain't easy

[Chorus 2.75]

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Lately been reminiscin
bout Peppermint Schnapps in Junior High hit the block
Keep an eye on the cops while D-Boys slang rocks
It's the project kid without a conscience, I'm havin dreams
of hearin screams at my concerts, me all my childhood peers
through the years tryin to stack a little green
I was only seventeen, when I started servin fiends
And I wish there was another way to stack a dollar
So my apoli', casue these hard times make me wanna holler
Will I live to see tommorrow, am I fallin off?
I hit the weed and then proceed to say fuck all of y'all
Ain't nobody down with me I'm thuggin, I can't go home
Cause muh-fuckers think I'm buggin, so now I'm in
this high powered cell at the county jail
Punk judge got a grudge, can't post no bail, what
do I do in these county blues
Gettin battered and bruised by the you know who
And these fakes get to shakin when they face me
Snakes ain't got enough nuts to replace me
Sittin in this, livin hell, listenin to niggaz yell
Tryin to torture em to tell, I'm gettin mail
But ain't nobody sayin much, the same old nuts
is makin bucks while these sluts is gettin fucked
They violated my probation, and it seems
I'll be goin on a long vacation, meanwhile
It ain't easy
No it ain't easy

[Chorus]

[Chorus]

##newsong##


[2Pac]	
Whassup? It's 2Pac. Can you get away?
Let me come swoop you up.
[girl]	
You know I got a man.
[2Pac]	
I know you got a man
but he ain't gon' mind if I take you out.
[girl]	
Of course he gon' mind.
[2Pac]	
Let me take you to lunch.
I'll have you back before he even get home;
before anybody see.
[girl]	
I can't. (Aww c'mon!) He ain't gon' let me.
[2Pac]	
Pleeeeeease...
[girl]	
Nah.
[2Pac]	
Oh aight. What's wrong with your eye?
Why you got on glasses?

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Ever since I met ya I could beat depression
It's like your man don't understand, all he does is stress ya
I can see your state of misery from the introduction
Ain't bout no suckin and touchin, just harmless discussion
Maybe we can see a better way, find a brighter day
Late night phone conversations -- would that be OK?
I don't wanna take up all your time, be the next in line
Tell me your size, let me find you things with you in mind
I can see you're cautious and I'm careful not to scare you
But anticipation of love makin 
got you shakin when I'm standin near you
News of precision will prepare ya
In case you get scared, just ask the man in the mirror
Now the picture's getten clearer all he does is hit you hard
I tell you to leave, and you tell me keep my faith in God
I don't understand, I just wanna bring ya home
I wonder should I leave you alone and find a woman of my own
All the homies tell me that you don't deserve it
I contemplate -- but in my heart I know you worth it
Tell me can you get away?

Ebony, can you get away?
C'mon.. let's go.. can you get away?
Can you get away?

[girl]	
So much pressure in the air
[2Pac]	
I know, I know
[girl]	
And I can't get away
[2Pac]	
Just for a little while love
[girl]	
I'm not happy here
[2Pac]	
I know it's hard but, can you get away?
[girl]	
So much pressure in the air
[2Pac]	
Let's go man, get up outta there
.. can you get away?
[girl]	
And I can't get away
[2Pac]	
Do you love him?
[girl]	
I'm not happy here
[2Pac]	
Do you love that man?

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Could it be my destiny to be lonely?
And checkin for these hoochies that be on me cause they phony
But you was different -- I got no need to be suspicious
Cause I can tell -- my life with you would be delicious
The way you lick your lips and shake your hips got me addicted
I'm sittin here hoping that we can find some way to kick it
Even though I got your digits gotta struggle to resist it
Slowly advance and miss my chance not to miss it
You blow me kisses
when he ain't lookin, now your heart's tooken
My only wish is that you change your mind and he get shook
Wanna take you there but you scared to follow, come see tomorrow
Hoping I can take you through the pain and sorrow
Let you know I care -- that someone's there for your struggle
Depend on me, when you have needs or there's trouble
I wanna give you happiness and maybe even more
I told you before, no time to waste we can hook up at the store
Can you get away?

[girl]	
So much pressure in the air
[2Pac]	
I know it is
[girl]	
And I can't get away
[2Pac]	
Yeah you can
[girl]	
I'm not happy here
[2Pac]	
You ain't happy huh ..can you get away?
[girl]	
So much pressure in the air
[2Pac]	
I know.. is he beatin on you?
[girl]	
And I can't get away
[2Pac]	
Did he punch you?
[girl]	
I'm not happy here
[2Pac]	
Throwin you around the house?

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

I see you remiscin and I hope you listenin
In the position to pressure and offer competition
Me and you -- was meant to be my destiny, no longer lonely
Cause now it's on for you and me, all I can see
A happy home, that's my fantasy
But my reality is problems with your man and me
What can I do? Don't wanna lose you to the sucker
Cause if he touch ya, I got some drama for that busta
Don't wanna rush ya -- but make your mind up fast
Nobody knows -- on who controls will it last, before I ask
I hope you see that I'm sincere, and even if you
stay with him today I'm still here
I refuse to give up -- cause I believe in what we share
You're livin in prison and what he's givin can't compare
Cause everything I feel for you I wanna let you know
Passion it be yours and I'll never let you go
Tell me can you get away?

[girl]	
So much pressure in the air
[2Pac]	
Can't get away.. why?
[girl]	
And I can't get away
[girl]	
I'm not happy here
[2Pac]	
Let me take you away
All I really know, can you get away?
[girl]	
So much pressure in the air
[2Pac]	
Man..
[girl]	
And I can't get away
[2Pac]	
Course you can get away
[girl]	
I'm not happy here
[2Pac]	
If you really wanted to get away
you could get away

[Outro: 2Pac]

You ain't got to go through all this drama and this stress
with this old half a man, yaknowhatI'msayin?
I ain't tryin to put you in a position
where you gotta give up your lifestyle for everything
you need but now.. he ain't even takin care of you
He beatin on you and shit; look how you look
She motherfuckin wanna be with that nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Shake that sucker to the left
Let me show you what this life is really about
YaknowhatI'msayin? You need to be on first class
Need to be goin to Hawaii, seein the world
Seein what this world got to offer you
Not goin to, yaknowhatI'msayin?
The emergency room, gettin stitches
cause this nigga done got jealous
Don't cry, it's all good

[girl]	
Can you take me from here?
[2Pac]	
Shake that man, get away
[girl]	
Can you take me from here?
I'ahhhhhm unhappy here
And I need you to show me love
Because it's so much pressure now
And I neeeeed to get awayyyheyyyeahhh

##newsong##

Here we go; we gonna send this one out to the old school
All these motherfuckers in the Bronx, and Brooklyn, and Staten Island
Queens, and all the motherfuckers that laid it down, the foundation
yaknowhatI'msayin? Nuttin but love for the old school
That's who we gonna do this one for, ya feel me?

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]
[repeat 3X]

Nothin like the old school/ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

I remember Mr. Magic, FLASH, Grandmaster Caz
LL raisin hell but, that didn't last
Eric B. & Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D
and Red Alert was puttin in work, with Chuck Chill
Had my homies on the hill gettin ill, when shit was real
Went out to steal, remember Raw, with Daddy Kane
when De La Soul was puttin Potholes in the game
I can't explain how it was, Whodini
had me puffin on that buddha gettin buzzed, cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects, and on my block
You diggi don't stop, sippin on that Private Stock
Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte
Listen to Treach, KRS to get me through the night
With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic
Remember "Push It" was the bomb shit, nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Heheheh, it ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Yeaheheh, it ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Heheh... I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's
A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets
I'm playin skelly, ring to leavey, or catch a kiss
before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch, I remember
way back, the weak weed they had
Too many seeds in the trey bag
I'm on the train headin uptown, freestylin
with some wild kids from Bucktown, profilin
cause the hoochies was starin, thinkin, "Why them niggaz swearin?"
I'm wonderin if that's her hair, I remember
Stickball, pump the hoochies on the wall
or takin leaks on the steps, stinkin up the hall
Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile
A young nigga tryin to stay away from Riker's Isle
Me and my homies breakin nights, tryin to keep it true
Out on the roof sippin 90 proof, ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Heheheyah, that's right, it ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Ain't nuttin like the old school

"What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way" -- [Grand Puba]

Hahah... remember poppin and lockin to Kurtis Blow, the name belts
And Scott LaRock the Super Hoe back in Latin Quarters
When Slick Rick was spittin La-Di-Da-Di
Gamin the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties, I remem-ber
breakdancin to Melle Mel
Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells
Forget the TV, about to hit the streets and do graffiti
Be careful don't let the transit cops see me
It ain't nuttin like the old school!

[Grand Puba sample repeats every bar to end]

It ain't nuttin like the old school
Hahahah, it ain't nuttin like the old school
Hey, heheaha, on the real though, ain't nuttin like the old school
...

Remember seein Brooklyn go crazy up in the motherfuckin party?
Member how fuckers used to go, "Is Brooklyn in the house?"
and motherfuckers would lose they GOD DAMN MIND
That's the old school to me; that's what I'm sayin (Su-per, Sperm)
I remember goin places that motherfuckers was scared to say
they was from anywhere but Brooklyn; that shit was the bomb
Back in the motherfuckin old school nigga
Remember skelly nigga? Knockin niggaz out the box, poppin boxes?
Member stickball? Member niggaz to run that shit like that?
Member the block members screamin up at your mom from the window?
(LL Cool J is hard as HELL...)
The ice cream truck, member all the mother...
Member the italian icey's yo?
Yo remember the italian icey's the spanish niggaz comin down
with the coconut icey's and shit?

I came through the door, said it before
That was the SHIT!

##newsong##

[Shock G sings the parts in {} throughout]

[2Pac]
Haha, what you say?
Who you callin rapist? Ain't that a bitch
You devils, are so two faceted
Wanna see me locked in chains, dropped in shame
and gettin stalked by these crooked cops a-gain
Fuckin with the young black male, tryin to stack mail
and umm, stay away from the packed jails
I told the judge I'm in danger
and that's why I had that fo'-five with one in the chamber
Fuck the world!

[Chorus: 2Pac]

{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up screamin, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
Just woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
Uhh, I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They're tryin to say that I don't care}
Just got up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"

[2Pac]
When I was comin up rough that wasn't even what you called it
That's why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
I'm gettin, threats to me, comin from my enemies
And, in they dreams it's, Hell where they sendin me
Have I, lost control or just another soul
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sippin on yak as I sit back (YES!) life as a big mack
Brothers come up and say, "You did that?" {uhh, uhh, uhh}
Never take yo' eyes off the prize, and even if you gettin high
don't ever hesitate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin, niggaz we all in
And them my motherfuckers callin {ohh, ohh, ohh}
Fuck the world!

[Chorus: 2Pac]

{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
Just woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I got up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}

[2Pac]
Man, fuck the world..
Damn, they wanna label me a menace
cause I'm sittin here sippin on Guinness
Weighin 165, and these tricks should die
for bein jealous of a brother when he rides
I can see it in yo' eyes, you wanna see a young playa fallin
They hate to see a nigga ballin
Some of you suckers is rottin, plottin on what I got
And then you wonder why I shot him (boo-ya!)
Stop givin game for free, you wanna hang with me
like being a thug is the thang to be?
But I got love for my homies, the G's and macks
And if you're black, you better stay strapped
Nigga, fuck the world!

[Chorus: 2Pac]

{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They try to say that I don't care}
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
Got up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"

Haha, fuck the world! Fuck it
I hear my niggaz screamin fuck the world!

[2Pac]
They wanna know if I claim the click, that I'm hangin with
and if I'm down with this bangin shit
Well homie I don't give a fuck if you Blood or Cuz
Long as ya got love for thugs
But don't try to test me out, stall that
Homie this is Thug Life nigga and we all strapped
I been through, Hell and back, and if I, fell black
then it's, back to the corner where we sell crack
Some of you niggaz is bustas; you runnin 'round 
with these tramp=ass bitches, don't trust her
But don't cry, this world ain't prepared for us
A straight thug motherfucker who ain't scared to bust
Fuck the world!

[Chorus: 2Pac Humpty Hump/Shock G]

{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
{They're tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up screamin, "Fuck the world!" [Uhh!]
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
{They tryin to say that I don't care}
I woke up screamin, "Fuck the world!"
{Yeah what's goin on y'all?}
{Uhh, uhh, uhh..} Fuck the world!

[Shock G singing ]
I don't care.. I don't care, I don't care! [fades]

##newsong##


[Child:] Why you by the window?, what's wrong daddy?

[Mother:] I know what's wrong with that crazy motherfucker
He's just stand by the goddamn window
with that fuckin' AK all day
You don't work, you don't fuck, you don't,
you don't do a goddamn thing

I see death around the corner, gotta stay high while I survive
In the city where the skinny niggas die
If they bury me, bury me as a G nigga, no need to worry
I expect retaliation in a hurry
I see death around the- corner, anyday
Trying to keep it together, no one lives forever anyway
Strugglin and strivin, my destiny's to die
Keep my finger on the trigger, no mercy in my eyes
In a ball of confusion, I think about my daddy
Madder than a motherfucker, they never shoulda had me
I guess I seen too many murders, the doctors can't help me
Got me stressin' with my pistol in my sheets, it ain't healthy
Am I paranoid? - Tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK, ready to shoot
Ran out of endo and my mind can't take the stress,
I'm out of breath
Make me wanna kill my damn self,
but I see death around the corner

[Chorus]

(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)
I see death around the corner
(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)

I see death around the corner,
the pressure's getting to me
I no longer trust my homies,
them phonies tried to do me
Smoking too much weed,
got me paranoid, stressed
Pack a gat and my vest,
under my clothes when I dress
Here's hopin I die the way I lived,
straight thuggin'
Huggin' my trigger for all them niggas
who was buggin'
My homie told me once,
don't you trust them other suckers
They fought like they your homies
but they phony motherfuckers
And even if I did die young, who cares
All I ever got was mean mugs and cold stares
I got homies in my head
who done passed away screamin, please
Young nigga, make Gs
I can't give up, although I'm hopeless,
I think my mind's gone
All I can do is get my grind on, death around the corner

[Chorus]

I was raised in the city, shitty
Ever since I was an itty bitty kitty
Drinkin' liquor out my momma's titty
And smokin' weed was an everyday thang in my household,
And drinking liquor til' you out cold
And tho' i'm gone now, nigga it's still on- Pow
Bustin on them niggas til they gone
How many more jealous ass bitches, comin for my riches
Now I gotta stay suspicious when I bone
Cause if I ain't sharp and heartless,
them bitches will start shit
Excuse me, but this is where we part bitch
No more game for free, please explain to me
Why niggas trip bitch, who you came to see?
Murderin' now but see me later man, as for my pops
I got homies that will hunt you til you drop
I hope the Lord will forgive me, I was a G
And gettin high was a way of gettin free
I see death around the corner

[Chorus]

This is for all the real mothafuckin niggas out there
I know you ain't scared to die
We all gotta go, ya know ?
A real motherfucker will pick the time he goes
And make sure he handles his motherfuckin business
Y'all niggas stop acting like pussies out there,
all right

[Movie bites]

I'm tired off getting ripped off by guys like that

I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night,
I wanna piss on his head
I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night,
I wanna piss on his head

I want that sonova bitch dead, I want him dead
I want him dead, I don't care

##newsong##

[Tupac]
That's right nigga you gotta get your papers in this motherfucker
I ain't mad at ya at all (damn)
Aiyyo, what the fuck you wanna be when you grow up RahRah?

[RahRah] Nigga, is you stupid, I wanna be a motherfuckin Outlaw
[Tupac] That's right nigga, hahaha.. housin these hoes, you feel me?
[RahRah] Aight, knowhatI'msayin?
[Tupac] You got to do that shit, keepin it real nigga or what?
[RahRah] Keepin it real!
[Tupac] How old are you nigga?
[RahRah] I'm eleven

[Tupac]
Cause all I see is, murder murder, my mind state
preoccupied with homicide, tryin to survive through this crime rate
Dead bodies at block parties, those unlucky bastards
Gunfire now they require may be closed casket
Who can you blame? It's insane what we dare do
Witness an evil that these men do, bitches in, too
In fact they be the reasons niggaz get to bleedin
Pull the fuckin fire when I leave em, you shoulda seen em
Hostile hoes catch elbows (beotch!) negroes disposed of
and snitches get dealt with, with no love
Body bags of adversaries that I had to bury
I broke the law and they jaw, all in the same flurry
But never worry, they'll remember me through history
Causin motherfuckers to bleed, they'll label me a

[Chorus]
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)

[Tupac]
Before I close my eyes I fantasize I'm livin well
when I awake and realize I'm just a prisoner in hell
Just as well, cause in my cell I'm keepin pictures of these bastards
Excersisin, visualizin, everyone inside a casket
Picture me blasted, surrounded by niggaz in masks
Sent with the task to harass and murder my ass
Will I last? Heaven or Hell? Freedom or jail?
Shit's hard, who can you tell? Aand if we fail?
High speeds, and thai weed on the freeway
When will they learn to take it easy? Uh
Drivebys and niggaz die, murder without a motive 
by making motherfuckers fry
Got me runnin from these coward-ass crooked-ass cops
Helicopters tryin to hover over niggaz til we drop
Got no time for the courts, my only thought is open fire
Hit the district attorney, but fuck that bitch, cause she's a lie
Now it's time to expire, I see the judge, spray the bitch
"Motherfuckers is crooked," is what I scream, and hit the fence
I comense to get wicked, spittin rounds as the plot thickens
Never missin an early grave is my only mission
If I die, never worry, bury me beside my four-five
May God forgive me, I was high, label me a

[Chorus]

[Dramacydal]
Society lied to me, I ain't never gonna try to be
My mob'll be doin robberies, and stickups on these wannabe's
I witnessed niggaz lose they chest
For ordinary reasons niggaz bodies put to rest
So I just.. swallow my Beck's and holla, "Fuck em!"
And if I'm next.. just let a nigga step with somethin
I ain't fearin nuttin

Young and thuggin, prepared for bustin if that's my destiny
Ready for whatever, see you niggaz can't get the best of me
(hold me down) Definitely no need for askin
(now he mad) Top speed (smokin weed) blasted (biotch!)

Cause when I bust em they gonna shiver, the killers cry
Soldiers got bodies floatin in the river, what is they sayin?
Talkin bout prayin -- they need to stop, that ain't gon' help
These niggaz sprayin up my block, tryin to take my wealth

[Chorus 2X]

[Tupac]
Fuck the judge, I gotta grudge
Punk police, niggaz run the streets
Hahah, it ain't nuttin but muuuuzik
Shit's changed
1995 the game has changed, motherfuckers is actin REAL strange
The rules is all rearranged
You got babies lyin dead in the streets
These punk police is crooked as me
but all I see is motherfuckers actin less than G's
Stop bein a playa-hater, be a innovator nigga
Fuck that shit, don't be no entertainer and a stranger
Be a real motherfucker keep it real pack that steel
Cause you know these streets is real deal
Muh'fuckers wanna see me in my casket
Jealous, motherfuckin bastards
I never die, thug niggaz multiply
Cause after me is Thug Life baby
Then the young thugs
Then the youngest thug of all my nigga RahRah

##newsong##


Aww yeah, uhh, uhh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah!

[Verse One]
Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin hearts and jackin marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin down the barrel of my nine, get up
Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got him in a smash, blast
How long will it last 'til the po' gettin mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin but be thankful that you're livin, blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when I free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'ma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me -

[Chorus]
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."

[Verse Two]
Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me - PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin it up
One way or another you'll be givin it up, huh
I guess cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin my sound underground for ya
And I'ma throw a change up
Quayle, like you never brought my name up
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They fell me when they rollin in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin 'til other brothers bubble -

[Chorus]
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!

[Verse Three]
Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I keep
representin, never give up, on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me -

[Chorus]
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."

[2Pac] You're too near me, to see it clearly

[repeat 4x]
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."

[repeat 2X]
"Hard!" .. "Tellin you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin you to hear it.."

"Hard!" .. "The rebel"
"Hard!" .. "The rebel"

[repeat 12X to fade]
[2Pac] Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" .. "The rebel"

##newsong##


PAC'S THEME
[Statements variously said throughout song.]

I was raised in this society so there's no way
you can expect me to be a perfect person cuz I'm a do what I'm a do.
(I am still thirsty) - Arrested Development
(There is absolutly no reason for a record like this to be published.
It has no place in our society.) - Dan Quayle
(They gotta understand me)
(Withdraw on this record) - Dan Quayle
That's how I feel I'm a do whatever I like. I am not a role model

##newsong##		


"You could get the finger.. the middle!" [1]
"Come and get some!" [2]

[2Pac]
Ahh yeah, they love to point the finger
[1] [2]

Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
[1] [2] Niggaz love to point the finga
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
[1] [2]

[2Pac]
I thought I hit rock bottom, they ban my album, point the finga
I guess nobody loves a real nigga-slash-rap singer
I thought I'd bring a little truth to the young troops
I brought proof that the niggaz need guns too
It's not to be a racist, but let's face this:
wouldn't you if we could trade places?
I got lynched by some crooked cops, and to this day
them same motherfuckers on the beat gettin major paid
But when I get my check they takin tax out
So, we payin for these pigs to knock the blacks out
Ain't that a bitch, some officers are gettin rich
Whoopin on thugs and robbin drug dealers for they shit
As far as jealousy, bein a celebrity
No matter who committed the crime, they all yell at me
And the media is greedier than most
You could sell em your soul or they'll be on ya til a niggaz ghost
And everyday I read the paper there's another lie
They show my picture for the crimes of another guy
Now how's that for the life of a big shot
A dead cop, a law suit, a little kid shot
I play them nuttin ass marks in the park
for tryin to earn they stripes in the dark
Just cause I come there, don't mean I from there, peep:
only jealous motherfuckers beef, and point the finga

[Chorus: repeat 4X]

Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
[1] [2]

[2Pac]
As I run up on em madman, a nutcase with a screw loose
A zoot troupe full of foolies with toolies
Niggaz run to me don't come to me with beef
Take your jewels and your jeep, boom boom! Let that ass sleep
It's gettin hectic, niggaz run, quick
Buckshots are the payback for dumb shit
All you niggaz on the block tryin to test me
Best wear a vest or get open like, sesame
I'll run up on you mad deep; while you're tryin to sleep
I'm steady pumpin bullets in your sheets
Wake up, motherfucker, don't stutter
Point blank by a nigga from the gutter, yeah!
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme, mine
Ban my rhymes, now I'm back to bustin, nines
And bustaz can't get none, hell no
A quick flurry and he's buried with a swelled jaw
I came up from the amateurs to pro hits
at 5-0, so you know I take no shit
And everybody wants to kill a bringer
of bad news, so they choose, to point the finga

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
One two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I bring skills and I build, kill at will
Smoke sess til I'm ill, still feel me?
I say one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
Pick it up, pick it up, give it up
Best to duck or get fucked for your bucks
Scream one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I can't give up, it's a black thang
And I ain't goin back to the crack game
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Bitches, let em point the finga
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Snitches, let em point the finga
Yo, one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I guess nobody loves a rap singer
That's why these motherfuckers.. (hahaha!) point the finga

[Chorus]

[Chorus]

[Chorus 3/4]


##newsong##


I've changed...
You mothafuckas kill me
I've changed...

It ain't that i've changed
But it's strange how you mothafuckas rearrange
When I found fame
Point ya finger at tha bad guy

You know what my momma usta tell me
If ya can't find something ta live 4

Then you BEST, find something ta die 4

(eazy saying 'if there's hell below, we're all gonna
go'--this is all through out tha interlude)

Deep deep

La'tasha Hardings
Remember that name...
Cause a bottle of juice...
Ain't something 2 die 4

Young Quaid
Remember that name...
Cause all you mothafuckas
That go to your grave with that name on your brain
Cause jelousy and recklousness
Is NOT, something 2 die 4

All you Niggas out there
[echoed laughter]
Got a crack that crumbles
When I say all you Niggas (all you niggas)
Unite
One nigga, teach 2 niggas
4 niggas teach more niggas
All tha poor niggas
Tha penn niggas
Tha rich niggas
Tha strong niggas
UNITE

There's more of us than there is of them
Look around...
Check your strip

Deep deep

That's something 2 die 4

Black

That's something 2 live 4

What do I know?



##newsong##


I've changed...
You mothafuckas kill me
I've changed...

It ain't that i've changed
But it's strange how you mothafuckas rearrange
When I found fame
Point ya finger at tha bad guy

You know what my momma usta tell me
If ya can't find something ta live 4

Then you BEST, find something ta die 4

(eazy saying 'if there's hell below, we're all gonna
go'--this is all through out tha interlude)

Deep deep

La'tasha Hardings
Remember that name...
Cause a bottle of juice...
Ain't something 2 die 4

Young Quaid
Remember that name...
Cause all you mothafuckas
That go to your grave with that name on your brain
Cause jelousy and recklousness
Is NOT, something 2 die 4

All you Niggas out there
[echoed laughter]
Got a crack that crumbles
When I say all you Niggas (all you niggas)
Unite
One nigga, teach 2 niggas
4 niggas teach more niggas
All tha poor niggas
Tha penn niggas
Tha rich niggas
Tha strong niggas
UNITE

There's more of us than there is of them
Look around...
Check your strip

Deep deep

That's something 2 die 4

Black

That's something 2 live 4

What do I know?

##newsong##
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate

[ICE CUBE]
Yo, here comes the nigga with the ruff, terror
the paranoid, gots to get the boy
Get your steel cuz I feel like a headbanger
Yah, I got a gang of shits, styles guns
my uzzie wieghts a mutha-fuckin' ton
bucking down one, bucking down two,
bucking down your crew, mutha fuck you
Pigs were blue, I where black, nothing but black
Cause god damn its a brand new payback
Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga
on tha trigga the zigga the zag the nickel the bag
the nigga the sag the forty five mag. got you runnin' like a fag
So, keep your mutha-fuckin' jokes
Cuz, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs
No yokes but smokes
Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers
get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for cars

Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house

[Ice T]
O to the mutha fuckin G I break crazy
a lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me
Stop me clock me cops wanna glock me
mutha fuck mutha fuck pigs can't stop me
UHH, am I a G, I got proof
Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof
with a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope Tupac string a nigga up
(?Hit the mob dope?)
So whats up Punk
You want what I got step to me wrong fuck around and get shot
Your moms crying fuck her bust her
Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her
Pops got the LP phat, track on hit
Laid by the mutha fuckin' Bobcat
Ninety three suckas want me to go out
Throw the hoe out, bitch mutha fucker I'm rich

Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house

Got any last wordz

[Tupac]
Now they're after me, why? cuz a niggas black
Sit back
Ain't afraid to pull a triggar back
Let 'em come step to a real mutha-fucker
[Boom, Boom] Mama ain't raised no suckers
Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked
Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets?
Mutha-fucker rednecks all the same
Feel a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained
That's why we burn shit and wreck
Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet
You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price
Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life
It's on, the next real nigga fall dead
Dred, jheri curl, process, or bald head
Be prepared for the smoke to bust
What niggas need to do is start loc'in up
United we stand divided we fall
They can shoot one nigga
But they can't take us alll 
Let's get along with the Mexicans
And we can all have peace on the sets again
Imagine that if it took place [ha ha ha]
Keeping the smile off their white fakes
I ain't racist but lets trade places
Trace the hate 'n face it 
One nigga teach two niggas
three teach four niggas
And them niggas teach more niggas
And when we blast 
That'll be the biggest blast you've heard
And them is my last wordz


##newsong## 

[dorky sounding white guy]
Mr. Shakur, can you please explain the meaning
behind your violent lyrics?

[2Pac]
Explain the meaning?
The fuck these niggaz talkin bout?

[sounds of running and sirens in background]

[Kid]	
Damn...
[Cop]	
Police, FREEZE!
[Kid]	
Can't get shit off!
[Cop]	
I said FREEZE you miserable black son of a bitch!
[Kid]	
What, come on, come on!

[gun shot]

[Pac]: 
Tupac Shakur as himself
[Soul]: 
Tupac Shakur as 'Souljah'

[Soul]	
My attitude is shitty
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
[Pac]	
The critics or the cops?
[Soul]	
The courts or the crooks, don't look so confused
Take a closer look
[Pac]	
Niggaz get they neck broke daily
Tryin to stay jail free
[Soul]	
What the fuck does Quayle know
of young black males?
[both]	
Please tell me
[Soul]	
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
[Pac]	
Huh, I pack a nine millimeter cause I got em livin hotter
than the 4th of July, if I gotta die, I gotta
[Soul]	
Momma told me, "Don't let em fade me..
.. nigga don't let em make you crazy!"
Game is what she gave me
[Pac]	
Gotta watch your back, strapped
[Soul]	
Real niggaz rat-pack
[Pac]	
If you get your ass taxed, bring a gat back
That's not the way we made it
[Soul]	
That's just the way it is
[both]	
Slangin rocks, in front of niggaz kids
[Pac]	
I came up
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
Cops pull me over, check my plates, but I'm legal
[Soul]	
You couldn't get me, figure, "Fuck with a niggaz people"
[Pac]	
They got me trapped, gat with the motherfuckin hammer back
[Soul]	
Cops on my back, just cause I'm black, SNAP
[Pac]	
Now I'm guilty?
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
[both]	
All you punk police will never find peace 
on the streets til the niggaz get a piece, fuck em!
[Soul]	
They kill you to control ya
(PAY) top dollar for your soul
[both]	
Real niggaz don't fold, straight souljah!
[Pac]	
Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
The niggaz scream fuck em!
[Soul]	
Motherfuckin punk police (I hear ya!)
Thinkin they run the motherfuckin streets
It's mo' niggaz than it's police
Think (I hear ya!)
One nigga, teach two niggaz
teach three niggaz, teach fo' niggaz (I hear ya!)
teach mo' niggaz, and we could run this shit!
[both]	
I hear ya!

"They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass" (I hear ya!)
[repeat 10 X with snips and scratches]
[Soul]	
Souljah!


##newsong##

So what the fuck you talkin about?! Aw, shit.
Goody, goody, gumdrops.
Nigaa, get your hoodie and your gun cocked.
Rock it till the drum stops.
Hip hop.
Even if my shit flip flop
It probably wouldn't stop.
Talk shit and get socked.
How ya hang em?
Know a realer nigga? You could bring him.
If I don't represent the shit,
I'll kick it.
We could sway him.
Huh. As if I know ya.
Then I could show ya.
But if I don't know, I gotta fo' fo' fo' ya.
So, so peep game
At point blank range.
The fame can't change what the game maintains.
Strange. Wind against the grain.
Aw shit. Flick or no flick I trips for no bitch.
Catch up on your pimpin.
I ain't simpin. I'm a dis her.
Couldn't be my sister if she actin like I missed her.
Tell me why they, tell me why they, tell me why they play me.
Don't these niggas know that neiter one of y'all can fade me.
I ain't big, I ain't buff, I ain't deisel.
But fuck wit Tupac and pop goes the weisel.
Me and Threat made a bet on how many fellas
Would jack a motha fuckin real nigga cuz they jealous.
They do it for the fame.
Explain. Insane. What's in a name? What's in a name?
Peep game.

[Chorus repeats]
Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style.
Put it together like a puzzle builder.
If Trenton don't get cha, pops gon' kill ya.

Killa Cali.
The state where they kill.
Down wit Oaktown? What's up homie, can I chill?
The bitches lookin funny.
Feel em at me. Feel em at me wit they minds on they heaven
Wit they .357.
-Where you at?
*On the freeway, deep in LA.
-OK, see you when get here loc.
*OK.
-Here I am. Here I am.
*Goddamn that was quick.
-Told ya I was comin. Who is that? Is that your woman?
*Na, that's just a hoochie looking for some juice.
-What's up my nigga? What ya know? A nigga got a little bigger.
That's all folks know.
Fat gold ropes.
Gotta keep a low key for my attack.
When I approach, I want the diamonds, the pearls.
The round the way girls.
Cuz baby got, baby got back out this world.
Would you give a fee? Never.
Fly like a feather.
Make more money than your father and your mother put together.
The game is to be sold, not to be told.
So buy it.
Can't afford it?
Low budget hoes gotta brother.
Peep game.

[Chorus repeats]

Don't sell out.
Get the hell out.
Cuz here I come.
Hit em with my bop gun.
They came and they blast.
We got witt they ass.
And oh, pop this vest and all the rest of that mess.
Comin through like Terminater 2.
Boost your crew cuz we ain't afraid of you.
You know what time it is wit me once the clock stike 3.
We goin coo-coo like Cocoa Puffs. Whooo eeii!!!

[Chorus repeats]

Time to get paid, time to get paid. Check.
Time to represent the west. On me: nuttin but a vest.
Got my hands on my glock, eyes on the prize.
First sucka jump, first sucka die.
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme mine like I told ya.
Hard as a boulder.
Motha fuckin souja.
Boom bam boom!! It's a stick up.
Vice president Dan Quayle eat a dick up.
Peep game.

[Chorus repeats]

(Spoken by Tupac)
Punk motha fucka.
Fuck all those motha fuckas, they all can eat a motha fuckin dick up.
Word up. Fuck the police. I don't give a fuck.
Bobcat in this motha fucka boy.
Big up! Big up! To the criminals.
Fuck em.

this is serious business.

Yeah, microphone mafia.
Tupac, Threat, Bobcat.
93 shot.
Yeah nigga, bitch.

##newsong##

(Eat a dick up)
"Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
still don't nothin move but the money" -- [Rakim]

[Verse One: Live Squad]

Strugglin, jugglin, got it to the black man
Eatin the scams like I was motherfuckin Pac Man
Cops step off, you know the flavor
They fear the ruffneck niggaz with the lunatic behavior
And now we gotta eat, gotta make ends meet
Stabbin for a fee, it gets hard on the fuckin streets
It's like a madness, fuck making gravy
I rhyme and do crimes, cuz either way pays me
A little rough with a hardcore... theme
Couldn't rough something rougher in your... dreams
Mad rugged so you know we're gonna... rip
With that roughneck nigga named 2Pacalypse
Representing YG'z yo
Flip Stretch Homicide and my nigga Gambino
Seek and Po can't forget Money Bags
Stickin up spots and jumpin in Jags
Gotta get ahead and always stay bumblin
And always keep a hand on the gat
Cuz a niggaz straight strugglin

[Verse Two: Live Squad]

I used to be on tour, but now I'm sick of strugglin
I thought about bumpin, but mother-fuck jugglin
I know it lasts longer, gets my pockets thicker
But I'd rather use my gun cause I get the money quicker, so bust it
Look as I cut the records hard to eject
A quick clip threw my body down uhh! it's another hit
I got energy to blast now you want the task here
Cuz of the light a motherfucker shot that ass up
But rugged and rough is how I'm steppin
Mac is the weapon, and it's always kept in
Eye on the Mac cause the dogg got it goin on
If you come up steppin you'll be lit like a hick
So you better chill, cause I got too much money to get
A street thug in the motherfuckin house, I'm strugglin
Get drunk but I don't think
I'm just in it for the money, don't be a punk snitch
When I yank up my gun, don't run don't bitch
Cause ya know if you do, you'll be layin in a ditch
You'll get your stupid ass blown out the frame
Cause I'm playing to win, and survive in the game
I'm strugglin

[Verse Three: 2Pac]

Big up, big up, got him in the frame, bang
Ain't nothin changed set it off I let the brains hang
Guess who's back, to put niggaz on they back
Till I call back, niggaz runnin free better fall back
I'm fifty niggaz deep beat sleep
with a Mossberg wrapped in my seats
three deep in my Jeep chief run with the Young Gunz
Strugglin and strivin, that's how the dough come
Now get gunned by the one with the gun for the low goal
Throw a bolo so low when I flow yo
Much too high to read the signs, I'm blind
Clickin on the nine, out to get mine
I go big up, big up, gotta make the room, boom
Blowin motherfuckers to the moon
Niggaz need to feel me a real G, home from the bumblin
See me on the block, strugglin
And rollin with the roughnecks nuff checks cashed
I get in niggaz ass, blast
Straight strugglin


##newsong##

Guess who's back?

[2Pac]
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
two minutes to bounce, and every second counts
Better press, wreck on your tech, here we go, set pass the Moet
My trickery's more slippery when wet
Wicked as I flip, don't trip, get a grip
It'll kick, if the bass line's thick, it's a hit
Everybody's got a mic now, its like a hobby
But more like a job, cause bootleggers tryin to rob me
And little man wants to be a rap, star
Make papes, hit skins, drive a fat car
It ain't easy, sleazy even
Deceivin those we, believe in
No benefits, just tricks and chicks
Knock a pig to pick, so here's a stick to lick
I shoot a gift, til there ain't none left
And if I find that the track sound def
I catch wreck till I lose my breath
That's how it goes in the land of broke
I dispose of those, rock shows, and collect my dough
Now I suppose I'm the bad guy, why?
I say, "Hi," and try to stay high
Life's a mess don't stress, test.. of givin
but be thankful that you're livin.. blessed
Guess who's back, comin back with the track supplied
by Special Ed and Ak, comin right and exact
I'm fightin it back, now snap, where they at?
When it's time to go to combat, guess who's back

[Chorus: repeat 4X]

"Yes I'm back" - [Special Ed]
"Tupac is" .. back!!

[2Pac]
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
one minute to bounce, and every second counts
I went from hustlin dicks, to makin hits, bustin flicks
Now I'm sure to be rich for ninety-six
I pull my 'capes on tapes, and make, papes
Trace the bass, to the tape with the baddest bass to date
I try to shake it but the pace is hard to break
Good thoughts I wait, cause they hate my black take
Yeah, it's on, and it's packed in the rap race
But if ya got a black face, its a rat race
I struggle to be rugged and raw, Dukes
Tryin to survive in the trials and lawsuits
Everybody wants to test me, WHY ME?
No lie, nuckas cried when they try me
Givin up the roughness, justice
I'ma bust as I'm rippin up 'nuff hits
And guess who's back? No longer trapped
Cause I snapped on the ones that held me back, feel the contact
Ride the track, get I grip as I flip
Ghetto wickedness I kick, guess who's back?

[Chorus 1.5X]

"Yes I'm back, cause I never did front" - [cut 'n' scratched]


##newsong##

I got a head, but ain't no screws in it. 

Roll up and get swoll up.
Hold up.
How ya gonna play me like a sunkin dunkin donut?
I ain't came a long way to get checked
So give me respect when I get wreck or get your motha fuckin chin
check.
Once again, it's your friend outta Oakland.
Hoping I rock the shit to get ya open.
Say your looking for some real shit.
Then catch a funkdified batch.
Like that!!
Oakland's on the map.
Tupac is on the big screen strivin.
Gotta love a nigga for survivin.
I wear alot of old schools jewels.
Look how the fools drool. Ooohh.
Stop lookin at me hard cuz your buffer.
But I'll just buck then bigger motha fuckas.
Turnin men to suckas.
Niggas wanna start a little ruckus.
Better duck cuz I'll be poundin them motha fuckas.
They wanna throw their hands up. Thats tight.
Hit em wit my eight. Never had shit left, right.
Then hit em wit the uppercut. Duck quick.
Shit outta luck. Fucked and stuck with that rough shit.
Fuck a pop song, fuck video, fuck Arsenio, fuck the radio.
Do you hear me though?
Give a holla to my niggas in the pen.
And my murderous parteners wit their Mac 10's.
I represent the real cuz I'm ill, G.
Glock cocked and then they kill me.
I'm representin'. 

Peace to Redman, Tretch, Vin Rock, K-G the great one 
Mary J. Blidge, Pete Rock and sure you're late son.
Heavy D, CL Smooth, and Queen Latifah.
Too Short, Tony Toni Tone, 
And the Special motha fucka, Ed Lover, the Tribe, A Tribe Called Quest,
and
Jungle Brothas. Das Efx, EPMD, and Ice Cube.
House of Pain: funky blunted ass white dudes
Cypress Hill, yeah, the ill niggas.
Digital Underground: my real niggas.
Raw Fusion, all in house confusion.
Wickeder than most men: Spice 1 and Pooh Man.
TLC, Eric B rockin, then Scarface.
Stretch, Mad K-Low, pumpin the scars bass.
Thorough Heads, Poonannynans, the Click.
E-40 the Governor and Richie Rich.
Young Guns in the house pumpin the flava.
DJ Ditch for their behavior.
Off the head, my freestyle flow.
Just a couple of motha fuckas that I know.
I'm strictly representin 

1 motha fucka, 2 motha fucka, 3 motha fuckas,
Damn, who did I forget? 

I'm a soulja.
Daddy was a soulja.
Strong in the struggle.
Must contend so it's on.
Raised in a house full of bad motha fuckas.
Mad motha fuckas.
Never had so we grab from the stacked motha fuckas.
Now they know me, the homies.
Raised by some crazed ass well payed OG's.
Ah shit!
Pulled up in a benzy, snatch.
The wheel as I peel out. Catch a cop's tail.
Rock shells hit. Raise a fist so they know to make a hit. 
Can I flip it? I may get wicked as I rip it.
To get specific: If the shoe fits, then kick it.
It's for the gifted. Pump your fist if you wit it.
Here's your ticket to see Mr. Wicked rip shit.
Now they wanna maime me.
(Told ya)
All I wanted to be was a soulja.
Bang bang boogy it's stick up.
Quit now nigga, eat a dick up.
I


##newsong##


Little somethin for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corinne

[Verse 1:]
Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uhh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothas clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin' don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him
Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin to gash up, I just call em how I see em
You know it makes me unhappy
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but you gotta keep your head up

[Chorus:]
Keep ya head up, oooo child things are gonna get easier
Ooooo child things are gonna get brighter [2x]

[Verse 2:]
Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing ta me
He had me feelin like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had ta give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay tha rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin wet up
You know it's funny when it rains it pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
Say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
It ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, cause it's a setup
And even if you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
And uhh
To all the ladies havin babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want em
Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
Cause ain't nuttin worse than when your son
Wants to kno why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears, is rollin down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin things don't all down this week
Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's getten older and older and cold
From havin the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin Benz
I'm still tryin to hold on to survivin friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
Please... you got to keep your head up

##newsong##

['Pac speaking]
Yo 'Law!
Is it cool if a nigga just get fucked up for this one?
Yeah! Mr. Fuck-a-Cop is BACK..
and I still don't give a fuck, yaknahmsayin?
Puffin on this indo.. in the studio with my partners out here
Pacific Heights in the house, know what I mean

[2Pac]
I was framed, so don't make the same mistake, nigga
You gotta learn how to shake the snakes, nigga
Cause the police love to break a nigga
Send em upstate cause they straight-up hate the niggaz
So what I do is get a crew of zoo niggaz
Straight fools into rules and do niggaz
And one-time had enough of me
I'm still raw so the law can't fuck with me
They wanna send me to the pen, punk picture that
I stay strapped motherfuckers better get your gat
It ain't easy bein me I can't take it
Life as a celebrity ain't everything they make it
And ever since the movies, these hoes try to do me
If they can't screw me, they find a way to sue me
Now can you picture me coolin, at a night club?
Nothin but love, but motherfuckers wanna mean mug
Since I wear a lot of gold, they plot
Don't know what I got, and get shot with the hot ones
And aww yeah, I wanna feel guilty
but you punk motherfuckers tried to milk me
You'll get smacked behind the hill with my phone on my pager
It's beepin while I cut you with my razor
I'm not violent, I'm petrified and nervous
I got no mercy for these niggaz tryin to serve us
But if you catch me outta pocket, then I'm got
You love to shoot a nigga but you scared to pop a cop
Now drop it

[Chorus: 2Pac]

Strictly for my - strictly for my - strictly for my niggaz
Strictly for my - strictly for my - strictly for my niggaz
Strictly for my - strictly for my - strictly for my niggaz
Strictly for my niggaz makin G's

[2Pac]
Reflected and disrespected, plus I'm rejected
You're just another rapper, who swears he's makin records
That's what they said - whenever I would walk by
I never tripped though - always kept my head up high
Eventually, I knew that I would find my way
After the darkest night, always comes a brighter day
And some would say, that turned away is all you'll get
I just said, "bet," and never let 'em see me sweat
Cause in the end, I knew that I would have it all
while non-believers, were prayin for my downfall
And some would call, and tell me that they wish me well
but in my heart, I'm knowin that they wish me hell
Yo get a real job, rappin doesn't pay the rent
I hate the studio cause that's where all my money went
Never surrender, it's all about the faith you've got
Don't ever stop, just push it til you hit the top
And if you drop, at least you know you gave your all
Be true to you, and that way you can never fall
But beware, these backstabbers ain't no joke
Just like a rope, they hang on you until you're broke
And when you're broke, they move onto the next dope
And there you are, can't even pay your car, nope
And when you reminisce, thinkin how you got dissed
remember how it felt, and then remember this
Be true to you, believe that there's no one bigger
Cause they can all suck dick - it's strictly for my niggaz

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
(This is) This is for the critics if you live up
Pick up my shit or I'll be back doin stickups
I better see five stars next to my picture
If not, Tupac will cop the glock and come knockin to getcha
I told you once motherfucker I'm a nut
Play me like a butt and you'll be bleedin when you're fucked
Niggaz know what's up but they be tryin to hold me down
I'm comin outta Oaktown, bitch fuck around
And it ain't where you from that makes you hardcore
Nigga it's the way you throw them thangs in the war
And to the marks that be talkin all that shit
Screamin out the next nigga's name like a bitch
And the niggaz that I ran into recently
The motherfuckers at the club that pulled the piece on me
You little bitches shoulda pulled the fuckin trigga
Now you live in fear of a heartless-ass nigga
Mr. Troublesome; niggaz tried to play me with the gat
but like Terminator nigga, I'll be back
Yeah! And I'll be back with a fuckin army
You tried to harm me -- ruh-ring the alarm G!
Cause most motherfuckers love to act up
without they backup, when they get jacked up they crack up
It's strictly for my niggaz at the show
so they know, not to play me like a ho (ho!!!)
Strictly for my...

[Chorus 3X (continues afterwards, breaking into ad libs)]

##newsong##

Growing up as an inner city brotha
where every other had a pops and a motha
I was tha product of a heated lover
Nobody knew how deep it screwed me
and since my pops never knew me
my family didn't know what ta do with me
was I somebody they despise
curious look in they eyes
as if they wonder if i'm dead or alive
poor momma can't control me
quit tryin' ta save my soul, I wanna roll with my homies
a ticken timebomb
can't nobody fade me
packin' a 380
and fiendin' for my mercedes
suckers scatter
but it don't matter i'm a cool shot
punks drop from all tha buckshots tha fools got
i'm tired of being a nice guy
i've been poor all my life, but don't know quite why
so they label me a lunatic 
could care less
death or success
is what I quest
cause i'm fearless
now tha streetz R Deathrow

[Chorus]

(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow

I just murdered a man, i'm even more stressed
wearin' a vest
hopein' that their aimin' at my chest
much too young to bite tha bullet
hand on tha trigga 
I see my life before my eyes each time I pull it
I hope I live to be a man
must be part of some big plan to keep a brotha in tha state
penn
counting pennys over tha years
I'd done stacked many
proven wrong those
who swore i'd wouldn't live till twenty
now they gotta cope
since it's tha only thing I know
it's difficult to let it go
i'm startin' to loose my hair cause I worry
hustlin' to keep from gettin' buried
but now I gotta move away now
cause these suckers wanna spray where I lay down
my homie lost his family and snapped
shot up half tha block to bring them back
tha streetz R Deathrow

[Chorus]

(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
(like it ain't nothin')

i'm dangerous
when drunk I only drink beer
gin makes me sin
unable to think clear
heneesee, makes me think my enemy is getting close
BOOM BOOM BOOM 
got me shooting at a ghost
some call me crazy
but this is what you gave me
amongst tha babies, who raised up from tha slavery
I sport a vest and hit tha sess to kill tha stress
moved out west and I invest in all tha best
those who test will find a bullet in they chest
put ta rest
by a brotha who was hopeless
grow up broke on tha rope of insanity
how many pistols smoking coming from a broken family
i'm sick of being tired
sick of tha sirens, body bags, and tha gun firing
tell bush to push tha button cause i'm fed
tired of hearin' these voices in my head
tha streetz R Deathrow

[Chorus]

(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
this goes out to my partners in tha Live Squad (like it
ain't nothin')
and all my partners involved in that 187
watch your back...
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
There got to be a better way...
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
There's too many of us in tha cemetary
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
come on, what we gonna do now
(cause i'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
tha streetz R Deathrow

##newsong##

Aw yeah, I get around
Still clown with the Underground, when we come around
Stronger than ever

[Tupac]
Back to get wreck
All respect to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
Cause oh they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why, your girl keeps paging me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayo bust it, baby got a problem saying bye bye
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask why, don't matter, my pockets got fatter
Now everybody's looking for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy
If you wanna see me dial the beeper number baby when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
But when you learn, you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out, I get around

What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, ayo Shock, let them hoes know

[Shock G]
Now you can tell from my everday fits, I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby I can see, that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G, the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me, I get around

[Money B]
What's up love, how you doing? (All right)
Well I've been hanging sanging, trying to do my thang
Oh, you heard that I was banging
Your home girl you went to school with, that's cool
But did she tell you about her sister and your cousin? Thought I wasn't
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low long as you know, that I get around

[Tupac]
2Pacalypse Now don't stop for hoes, I get around
Why I ain't call you? Ha ha, please

Finger tips on the hips as I dip, gotta get a tight grip, don't slip
Loose lips sink ships, it's a trip
I love the way she licks her lips, see me jocking
Put a little twist in her hips cause I'm watching
Conversations on the phone til the break of dawn
Now we all alone, why the lights on?
Turn 'em off, time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Something's on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweating me?
It's a lot of real G's doing time
Cause a groupy bit the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy baby if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clown, baby doll are you down?
I get around

[Shock G]
Round and round, round we go [Repeat 8x]

##newsong##


Daddy's home...

[2Pac]
Heh, so?
You say that like that means somethin to me
You've been gone a mighty long motherfuckin time
for you to be comin home talkin that "daddy's home" shit (nigga)
We been gettin along fine just without you
Me, my brother, and my mother
So if you don't mind, you can step the FUCK off, POPS.. fuck you!

[2Pac]
Had to play catch by myself, what a sorry sight
A pitiful plight, so I pray for a starry night
Please send me a pops before puberty
the things I wouldn't do to see a piece of family unity
Moms always work, I barely see her
I'm startin to get worried without a pops I'll grow to be her
It's a wonder they don't understand kids today
so when I pray, I pray I'll never grow to be that way
And I hope that he answers me
I heard God don't like ugly well take a look at my family
A different father every weekend
Before we get to meet him they break up before the week ends
I'm gettin sick of all the friendships
As soon as we kick it he done split and the whole shit ends quick
How can I be a man if there's no role model?
Strivin to save my soul I stay cold drinkin a forty bottle
I'm so sorry...

[Chorus]
I'm so sorry
for all this time (I'm so sorry)
for all this time
for all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
for all this time (so, sorry)
for all this time
for all this time, so sorry baby!

[Wycked]
Moms had to entertain many men
Didn't wanna do it but it's time to pay the rent again
I'm gettin a bit older and I'm startin to be a bother
Moms can't stand me cause I'm lookin like my father
Should I stay or run away, tell me the answer
Moms ignores me and avoids me like cancer
Grow up rough and it's hard to understand stuff
Moms was tough cause his poppa wasn't man enough
Couldn't stand up to his own responsibilities
Instead of takin care of me, he'd rather live lavishly
That's why I'll never be a father;
unless you got the time it's a crime don't even bother
(That's when I started hatin the phony smiles
Said I was an only child)
Look at mama's lonely smile
It's hard for a son to see his mother cry
She only loves you, but has to fuck with these other guys
I'm so sorry...

[Chorus]
I'm so sorry
for all this time
for all this time
for all this time
I'm so sorry
for all this time
for all this time (so sorry)
for all this time, so sorry baby!

[2Pac]
Man child in the promised land couldn't afford many heroes
Moms was the only one there my pops was a no-show
And ohh -I guess ya didn't know 
that I would grow to be so strong
Lookin kinda pale, was it the ale oh pops was wrong
Where was the money that you said, you would send me
talked on the phone and you sounded so friendly
Ask about school and my welfare
but it's clear, you ain't sincere hey who the hell cares
You think I'm blind but this time I see you comin, Jack
You grabbed your coat, left us broke, now ain't no runnin back
Ask about my moms like you loved her from the start
Left her in the dark, she fell apart from a broken heart
So don't even start with that "wanna be your father" shit
Don't even bother with your dollars I don't need it
I'll bury moms like you left me all alone G
Now that that I finally found you, stay the Fuck away from me
You're so sorry..

[Chorus]
I'm so sorry (so sorry)
for all this time (so, so sorry)
for all this time (I'm so so sorry)
for all this time (fuck that!)
I'm so sorry
for all this time (no)
for all this time (so sorry)
for all this time, so sorry baby!

[Tupac - impersonating his father]
I never meant to leave but I was wanted
Crossed too many people every house I'd touch was haunted
Had to watch the strangers every brother was in danger
If I was to keep you breathin, had to be out of range-a
Had to move, one to lost my name and pick the number
Made me watch my back I had no happy home to run to
Maybe it's my fault for being a father livin fast
But livin slow, mean half the dough, and you won't get no ass
Hindsight shows me it was wrong all along
I wanted to make some dough so you would grow to be so strong
It took a little longer than I thought
I slipped, got caught, and sent to jail by the courts
Now I'm doin time and I wish you'd understand
all I ever wanted was for you to be a man
and grow to be the type you was meant to be
Keep the war fightin by the writings that you sent to me
I'm so sorry...

[Chorus w/ variations til end]

##newsong##


(Yeah hehehahaha, we goin platinum nigga! Plaahahatinum.)

Yeah, you got the Live Squad in this motherfucker
We got my nigga Treach from Naughty by Nature in this motherfucker
My nigga Apache up in this motherfucker

[Verse One: Tupac]

My Mossberg goes boom, gimme room, can I catch it
Talkin quick and then I vic just tryin to keep from gettin blasted
I had enough I put a hit upon them bastards
Boo-yaa! Turned a snitch into a casket
Now they after me, prowling for a niggaz bucks
Time to see, who's the G, with the bigger nuts
Buck buck, big up and livin reckless
Niggaz with a death wish step in with a Tec and I'll wet this
Yeah this shit is hyper
Two to one I'm writing representing and I'm striking like a viper
Huh, I got my mind made up, I got my nine
Ring the alarm, and strong arm must run
Some niggaz need to feel me with a passion
I'm old fashioned, run up on me nigga and get blasted
With five deadly venomz

(Yeah 'Pac, fuck that, still hittin em up with
that old deadly shit. Aiyyo Treach where you at?
Step up and hit they ass up with the wickedness.)

[Verse Two: Treach]

We come to hit you with a sock full of Brooklyn
to the Onyx of your nose, punk is funky like skunk blunts
Stunk like funk cunt
I come to take you on a war rough and rugged route
And if another doubts I blow your fuckin mother out
And that's the street scarred style
I shout I'm-de-MC-wit-de-nasty-mouf, and kick the bitch out
Sue me? I pay the lawyer for ya oh boy yeah
Plus my style's ten to twenty fuckin pounds more
I take you quicker than a picture of a punk ya pickin shit
pickin pockets with a razor stoppin Russian rockets
Not shoplift, I'm liftin shop
Once you sound hot, cause if you ain't a perfect ten
my sign is stop!
It's twenty mother-crooked-fuckin styles in em
Like women I did em I'm in for deadly ready venom

[Verse Three: Live Squad]

Yeah, as I take a puff I get rough, Big Mad
To put it on, can't none come tougher see
I'm down with the sound of the Squad hard, boom!
Breakin em down, I make em see their doom
Coming straight from the dome where I roam it's a job to
rob and steal and runnin from the coppers
Who hold a, boulder, turn the gun controller
Started from a punk now to be a high roller
Youngest, reckless, crazy, disaster
Mac-11 blaster, and I run faster
Than a lot of cops I can't be stopped till my head gets popped
A lot of fuckin bodies will drop
It's a disaster, I'm coming for the blood splatter
I make you scatter, leavin trails of brains and bladders
Blowin em out the frame with no shame
Game tight, drop a body then get out of sight
Count my loot after I shoot, leave my kicks up and it's
something I don't wanna do, somethin that I never did
I try to get him, I think I hit em, I lit him
He's out! A poison, a deadly venom

(Yeah Mad, fuck that! You know how we do.
KnowhatI'msayin? Squad in effect, YG'z in effect.
Now you know a nigga like me gotta represent)

[Verse Four: Live Squad]

Once again, back to rip shit, quick on the flip tip
The psycho, represent the real to take the mic flow
Deadly, rock a head G, check the melody
Niggaz can't touch me when I wreckin G you better flee
Cause I'm gifted with a jab and a forty-four Mag
So nigga flip or take a trip in a body bag
Uhh, boom you slipped up, now you're zipped up
Yeah one more statistic, fronted and got ripped up
No joke, you be yolk, no matter how it sound
We're taking over eight niggaz back to the stomping grounds
Line em up single file, dome runnin in em
A nigga hit em with the venom, the fourth deadly venom

(Nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin? Fuck that!
I told you, we takin over, yo 'Pac.)

[Verse Five: 2Pac]

Five deadly venomz verse five be the livest
Strugglin and strive, keep a nine in my waistline
Take mine, you better bury me, G
Punk ass niggaz don't even worry me, see
I got a glock that say 'Pac run the block
Fuck the cops cause my gauge gets me... PAID
As I sit and reminesce about the old days
Hugging on my AK, fuck getting played, hey
I say niggaz need to get they mind right
Until they do I pop a clip and grip my nine tight
Now it's on everday could be my last day
That's why I blast on they ass as I past let the glass spray
First you had a mouth full of fronts
Now you're mouth's full of chunks, Pac's out puffin blunts
Deadly venomz

(Hahaha, yeah pass that shit over here.
Apache bout to clean shit up.)

[Verse Six: Apache]

Throw up your middle finger! Start the track for the maniac
Only thing I'm givin out is black donuts and dirty backs
Let me tell how you rough I get
I pop shit behind your back get in your face and pop the same shit
You can't get in because my gate's bigger I'ma snake nigga
My act guards me so hard I pull the fuckin trigger
I'm a section to clinch your porch is like a pinch
Test a rhyme I'll knock your hairline back an inch
Fuckin up pooh-butts, cut em like cold cuts
Choke em with my boot lace, then leave em hangin like old nuts
Clip up and move out, time to get em
That's the results of fuckin with the fifth venom in denim

(Yeah, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Five motherfuckin deadly venomz, in effect for ninety-three
ninety-four ninety-five all that other shit.
We takin this motherfucker over this larger hit.
YaknowhatI'msayin? Follow us, come along. YaknowhatI'msayin?
We takin this motherfucker over. TRUST. We out.)

Thug Life

Thinkin' back
reminiscing on my teens
a young G
getten' paid over dope fiends
fuckin' off cash that I make
nigga, what's tha sense of workin hard
if you never get tp play
i'm hustlen'
stayin' out till it's dawn
and commin' home
at 6 o'clock in tha mornin'
hand's on my glock
eye's on tha prize
finger on tha trigga when a nigga rides
shootin' craps
bustin' niggas out tha door
pick my money off tha floor
god bless tha tre-four
stuck on full, drunk again
sippin' on Gin
with a couple of friends
sayin' those thug life niggas be like major pimps
stickin' to tha rules is what made it simp
and if I die
let it be
but when they come for me
bury me a G

[Chorus x2 -- Tupac]

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
bury me a G

More Trouble than tha average
just made 25 and i'm livin' like a savage
bein a G ain't no easy thing
cause you could fuck around get crossed 
and get stuck in tha game
and for tha rest of your life you will sit and remineise
wonder why it had to end like this
and to tha G's you can feel my pain
till tha mothafuckas gets born again

you thought I was a game kid
i'm not tha nigga for playin games
I let my buckshots rang
when I pull tha trigga on my gauge
i'm on tha rampage
makin' runs for tha devil
ain't nothin' on my mind
will get me in some trouble
i'm tryin to ride 
no more loves 
for me hard to figure
get a nigga, smoke a blunt
Or is a jury starts (break that shit)
I gives a fuck nigga
stuck outta luck
when I bust
pull me to my death
but i'm a G to tha enemy

[Chorus x2 -- Tupac]

I ain't got time for bitches
gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
bury me a G

[Stretch]

I got nothen' ta loose so I choose to be a killer
went from bangin' ta slangin'
now i'm a dope dealer
all my life payed tha price to be tha boss
back in school
wrote tha rules on getten' tossed
poppin' rocks on tha block was a past time
pack a 9 all the time
you wanna test mine ?
don't cry
I die before they play me
from tha cradle to tha grave
bury me

Straight Thug G
kickin' it with tha homies in tha hood
getten' drunk, smokin' blunts
a bitch said I was no good
I gives a fuck
I spend my time in tha dope spot 
never had no time for no bitch 
instead slangin' rocks
and bustin' caps on you punk ass marcs
fake ass G's
bitch niggas with no heart
i'm stayin' real till i'm 6 feet deep
so when a nigga gone
bury me a G

[Chorus x2 -- Tupac]

I ain't got time for bitches
gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
Bury Me a G

[Tupac]

Stuck on Full
Tangaray got a nigga high
lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life
heartless hustler
just cause I fucked
don't mean I trust her
now my pagers vibratin'
can't sleep 
so i'm mobbin' to tha ho's house
pumpin' Isely
Is it cool ta fuck is what i'm askin
Bitch recognize game and start laughen
when i'm all in those guts and shit
prayin' that a nigga don't nut too quick
cause i'll fuck and get up and let ya know
i'll be a 10 minute brotha for a $2 ho
lots a ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick
you can have that bitch
cause I doubt if I change
tha games a mothafucker
real niggas turn ta bustas
Bury Me a G

[Chorus x6 -- Tupac]

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta Keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
Mama don't cry
bury me a G

I ain't got time for bitches --- bitches

##newsong##

[Mopreme]
Just 'cause a nigga come in he got style
Don't think I won't flip it
Don't pull your file
But I got enough bullshit to deal with
I'm rollin' with the thugs so
You must be on drugs to the head
Get your ass break down 
Broken half baby
I'm a feelin' like a motherfuckin psychopathic
And if you got beef best leave it in the freezer
I'm no joke
Mopreme straight lo
And you could get smoked
You hook the shit you get stroked 
And all of that
And later be back for your motherfuckin dope sack
Kid it ain't the type of day to play doughnut
Don't get your ass sewn up
Why you leakin on my blown out
Hey, you're mixed up like a bowl of nuts
You fuck around and got it twisted up
Boy, don't get it twisted

[chorus]
Don't get it twisted!.....

[Macadoshis]
It's the Macadoshis coming from the dark side
The park side where the O.G.s do ride
Ain't nothing but killers in the park
As many niggas lost they's heart
When my gat sparks
I'll bust a cap in that ass
Don't get it twisted
When I'm on a mission, niggas come with Mishy
You busters gettin disciplined
And you're comin' up short on your life
When i smoke you with this mac-10 
When it's on it's on 
Fuck it 
I'm makin niggas kick the bucket when I check em' by inducis
Ain't no think to let my shit spin
You on my shit list hope you got a death wish
I tried to warn you but you missed me
You should have listened motherfucker when i said:
Don't get it twisted!

[chorus]

[Rated R]
Niggas got problems about gettin shit twisted 
They need to stay the fuck out of grown folks business
Kids get a kick out of bumpin their big clips
But don't front no shit that brought no shit that peace started 
Cause I'm a cold hearted rider straight dunkin'
never through with my streets
Never hurt nobody but my heat
East side brothers don't hear me though
They'd rather get shit twisted and gather like hoes
Bitch make ass niggas when I caught 'em
Couldn't bust a drape if they wanted
They're soft like Charmin 
But I don't sweat varmits
I suffer with my black group 
Just a one-day murderer
On the motherfuckin Rudy Poop
I snapped his soul, son
Ain't no damn thing funny when I spray your ass with my tongue
And your mommy can't save you now
Cause you got the job twisted up
For fuckin' with a killer

[chorus]

[fade out]

##newsong##

[2pac]
Shit don't stop [2x]

Game rules often slang to the right fools
Heavy hittin' at this motherfucker's straight spittin'
Diggin' deep into your brain while tryin to explain 
why real niggas need to stick to the game
It's the same got these motherfuckers changin' on me
Jealous-ass player-haters gaming on me 
Look out motherfucker homey-G
As in gettin' motherfuckers 'fore they come get me
Get down for the right for the wishes
Fake ass nigga, you in shit, for fightin' over bitches
You call that a player?
Straight-ass sissy
See me at my show nigga miss me
Cause I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit
Got a pistol motherfucker try to pull quick
And just cause i'm rappin don't mean I ain't scrappin
And if you clip when the shit happens, it don't stop

[chorus] Shit don't stop...

[Y.N.V]
Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance at the party and not get whipped [1x]

[Macadoshis]
See the shit don't stop
My 9 goes pop
Your body drip-drop
Throw that ass in a zip-loc

[Rated R]
Now you've been hauled away in a body bag
Get your Sammy D said how your blood got sneeze me

[Macadoshis]
Yo you fuckin' with a thug yo your ass gets plugged
With this hollow-point slugs
With ya under the rug

[Rated R]
That's why my deaf niggas don't play that shit
In thug life niggas be the craziest

[Macadoshis]
So when you think about fuckin' this 
You better wear a vest
But it really don't matter
We ain't aimin' at your chest

[Rated R]
Nah we blowin holes in your motherfuckin' skull 
Make sure your ass is smoked 
That's all the fat lady wrote

[Macadoshis]
You heard that fat bitch sing when my shit went bang-bang
But it don't pay when i flaunt your brain

[Rated R]
Nigga, ain't no plain cane brothers come no show
In the casket 
Git'n they ass kicked
And blasted

It don't stop

[chorus 1x]

[Mopreme]
All I wanna do is try to Mac the hoes
Spin bank on thangs sellin me a sponsor on my foes 
It's like each and every one they got the look of death
I got my 9 nigga
Don't be silly 
You better watch your step

[Syke]
And pussies we crossin when my crew is flossin'
Bitches we tossin' 
And niggas we crossin'
It's like a murder rhyme when we hit your hood
It's all good
The punks? I wish you would!

[Mopreme]
Wouldn't better to just corrolate what we bust
Instead of kickin' dust
Gets a press y'all from nuts
Cause ain't no herbs here
And ain't no morgues
Beware of the water 'cause they full of sharks

[Syke]
But in every state
Niggas perpetrate and test
Where I come from fools die for less
And thugs keep thugin' till their casket drop
It's on 'till I die
And the shit don't stop

[chorus 2x]

##newsong##

[2Pac]
Yeah
Pour out a little liquor for your homies nigga
This one here go out to my nigga Mike Coolie
(Light up a fat one for this one)
How you come up man?

I started young kickin dust and, livin rough
You watch you mouth around my mama you couldn't cuss man
I had a down ass homie though; we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin forties, lil' shorties livin naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my glock, FUCK the coppers 
Hangin on the block, slangin rocks and makin profits
I couldn't fuck with the schhhoooollll life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a toooollll man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we figurin
Hustlin in the rain felt no pain cause we drinkin
Playin them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck that's how we do it (ha ha!)
It's two niggaz comin up out the hood
livin life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted 
Hoes snitched to the po-lice, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin on my nigga in jail
tryin to get a motherfucker to tell
And couldn't nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga
Pour out a little liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" [4X]

This goes out to all you so called G's
Pour out a little liquor for your real motherfuckin partners
Don't let the drink get like that y'all, huh
Pour out a little liquor
Pour out a little liquor
What's that you drinkin on?

Drinkin on gin, smokin on blunts and it's on 
Reminisce about my niggaz, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
Cause I'm losin all my homies and I worry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin with them suckers til my knuckles turn purple 
Mama told me, "Son there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so -- I hit the drink and stay blitzed
We had plans of bein big time G's
Rolling in marked cars, movin them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggaz in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin big and strong 
and I'd love'm like one of my own, til you come home and
the years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin yo' business
That's the way it's supposed to be 
Homie, if it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrapin back to back
Throwin dogs on them suckers runnin up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let ya know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go"

Look at you
Drinkin got you where you don't even give respect to your partners
Pour out some liquor nigga!
It ain't like that
Tip that shit over
Pour out a little liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" [4X]

This for my nigga Madman
Dagz, Hood, Silk yeah
A little liquor for my homies y'all
We in this motherfuckin piece YEAH
Pour out a little liquor
Young Queen, YEAH
This one goes out to all my mack partners
Back in the motherfuckin Bay
Oaktown still in the motherfuckin house
(Pour out a little liquor)
My nigga Richie Rich, Gov'na
(I don't care, Nighttrain, Henessey)
All my real motherfuckin partners
(Pour out a little liquor)
And all my real partnas in Marin, fuck you busta ass niggaz
Yeah nigga, pour out a little liquor!!

##newsong##


[Tupac]

Yah nigga, Drop the top on your muthafuckin ride
This how we do it on the west coast BAABBBY

Rollin' down the Four O Five
Gettin' high
White boys done wrecked their shit
Tryin to check my ride
I ain't being bootsy
Crusin' in a Six-o Impala
Drivin' like I'm in a Hooptee
car full of ballin' caps
keep yo hand on the strap
and take all the craps
Niggas know my steel-lo 
all legit
but I'm drapped 
like a nigga movin' kilo
Shit don't stop
cuz i can make that ass drop
make the front pop
And Hit the three wheel motion
All Day
Hit the freeway 
take it easy, uhh
Let's slide
And pick-up some hoochies
ride 
right back to the movies
High 
talking back to the screen drinkin' liquor
Havin' big dreams of gettin' richer
I'm livin that

[Chorus (4x) (Tupac)]

Thug Life, y'all know the rules
gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True) 

Big Stretch represent the real nigga
flex, Live squad and this mutha fucker catch wreck

[Stretch]
Thug Life
sharp as a roughneck
Shakin' the dice, we roll long, ain't nothin' nice
so the vice wanna follow us around (raize up)
Got 'em runnin' as we clown thru the town (blaze up)
Another one, had to throw another gun
Don't need another case
you can see it on my face son
But I ain't fallin' yet
And I gotta give a shout to where my ball is at

[Tupac]

Mophreme Tell 'em why the hoes dream
gettin high off a nigga like a dope fiend

[Mophreme]

Cuz I'm non-stop, and I'm always hustlin'
twenty four seven, ain't nothin buck
but when a young G's flippin keys for a livin'
Try to make a mill off the time I'm givin'
trippin' 
mad 
I'm crazy
Can't nobody fade me
And I been goin' insane lately
And everybody tryin ta hold me back
I'm about to snap
You better move back
You know I led a.....

[Chorus (4x) (Tupac)]

Thug Life, y'all know the rules
gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

Maaaannnn, I don't worry about the Five-O
if they start,
cuz it's all about survival
Just stay smart
Keep your mind on your bank roll
always 
stay ahead of these stank hos 
These days
It's an all out rat race
And look at MEEE just caught another cat case
That makes three
My laywers getting cash up the ass
Don't even ask
Why I'm buck wild ? 
Don't smile 
don't laugh
To the young G's comin up 
peep game
Don't let the money make you change 
or act strange
Stay broke
It's all in together now
Keep pumping loud 
till the crowd 
bring the top down
Is that Tupac Thug Life ?
Hell Yah
Try to dirty up my name 
but it's still here
which way do I turn ? 
i'm strapped
Lost in the storm
I can't turn back
with that...

[Chorus (4x) (Tupac)]

Thug Life, y'all know the rules
gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

##newsong##


How long will they mourn me
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato
It's still on nigga
Thug Life, Thugs for life
Ha Ha yeah, how long will they mourn me
Yeah nigga
2Pac in this muthafucka

[Tupac]

All my homies drinking liquor
Tears in everybody's eyes 
Niggas cried to mourn a homies homicide
But I can't cry 
instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckas back before your buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a 187 
do real niggas get to go to heaven ?
How long will they mourn me, bury me a muthafuckin 'G'
Bitch don't wanna die 
then don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic 
When your homies lying dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm trying hard to make amends
But I'm losing all my muthafuckin friends (damn) 
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the muthafuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me ?

[Chorus]

I wish it would have been another
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Got them niggas all dead and shit)
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Gotta keep this shit goin' on, Yo Syke)

[Syke]

How long will they mourn me
Every muthafuckin' day homie
You stayed down when tha other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigga you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted to lack
And goin' half on a muthafuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato ?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day 
ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
Till we meet again homie
How long will they mourn me ?

[Chorus]

I wish it would have been another
(Yo Kato)
How long will they mourn me
(It's still on nigga)
How long will they mourn my brother
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Yeah)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Rated R, Double Jeopardy, Mack 10)

[Rated R]

Damn a nigga tired of feeling sad
I'm tired of putting in work
I'm tired of cryin while watching my homies leave the earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin'
When they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up
Reminiscing how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato
See you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace
How long will they mourn me ?

Ya know life's a fuckin' trip
And everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy
It's fuckin' with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day of my mutahfuckin' birth
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone
How long will ya mourn me ?

[Chorus]

Yeah!
I wish it would have been another
(Mack 10 in this muthafucka)
Yeah, how long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my bother
(Thug Life boy, Nate blowin' that shit, 
Nate Dogg do that shit nigga)
I wish it would have been another
Yeah! How long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my brother
(This for my nigga Kato and all his kids)
How long will ya mourn me
I wish it would have been another
How long will ya mourn my brother


##newsong##


[Tupac]

Under Pressure

Yeah, Babyyy

When tha pressures on...

[Thug Life]

when it's on it's on

[Tupac]

One of these days i'll
learn
don't fuck with trick ass niggas
cause they
turn into bitch ass niggas
i'm sick of bein stuck in tha county jail
my niggas clown
bring a pound
when they posten bail
smokein' blunts in tha driveway
my four-five screamin 
fuck tha police
won't fly away, thug, till I die
you wonder why I'm made this way
I wasn't
turned out
I was raised this way
of thinkin
these are tha dreams of a young teen
sceam, and stack green on tha crack fiends
one time can't hold me
one of these days
we gotta bust back for tha homies
locked down in tha penitentry
finaly loose my mind 
if tha pigs succeed
stress, smoken weed and nicoteen
but what a nigga really need is Thorozine
right before I die
i'll be curseing tha law
reincarnated bitch even worse than before
my four-four's givin payback
my underhanded plan
to get them niggas while they laid back
and big stretch hit tha scene with tha mini 14
servin suckers like dope fiends 
and lead tha whole team

Under Pressure Nigga

That's right

[Stretch]

Never run 
throw your gun in tha air
oh yeah
nigga bust ain't no time to spare
called tha ruffest mothafucker and we fuck shit up
and with tha stainless steel [???], we cut shit up
flash and blast a nigga with tha quickness
cock tha four pound motherfucker when I spit this and rip this
damn, my mind is in tha depths of hell
but when i'm walking on tha street kid my name rings bells
and I never fell
nigga I stand to tall
i'm just a thug motherfucker who was born to brawl
givin my all
so niggas wanna bring it to me
so i'ma sell my cocain 
and lay they ass down 'G'

Under Pressure

[Tupac]

yeah, look here tho

Runnin wild
I never smiled as a juvenile
even now I keep a frown when I come around
don't ask me about tha past
it was all bad
shots blasted
will I last 
in tha wrong path
in tha dark is where my heart saw tha most grief
mothafuckers is getten shanked over gold teeth
am I sick ?
cause i'm addicted to get splifted
watch tha stupid ass tricks get lifted
nothens changed
cause in tha came it's a steady aim
fuck friends
cause when in danger those niggas change
puff weed
and stuff G's in my sock G
call Ki's and Hennessy where tha glock be
Times passen will I last here another day
I put my gun away
and grab my AK
it's getten hectic
I can't call it
house full of alcoholics
now we're niggas under pressure

yeah, that's right...
Under Pressure, we're niggas under pressure

yeah

[Tupac and Stretch together repeated 11x]

When tha Pressures on it's a hit
Ski mask
Extra Gats
bring tha clips
don't nobody move when we walk tha streets
they stay silent 
cause talk is cheap

##newsong##

Turn it up in my head phones 
(Coming to a ghetto near you, street fame) 

More 

Haha, coming to a ghetto near you, 

[Verse One] 

I wasn't mad until these tricks me< 
It's time to sanitize my posse 
Look how paranoid these niggas got me 
Cellular calls are being traced 
Since surveillance silently 
Momma chill 
Thug livin pay the bills 
And die violently 
Closed caskets 
Expose bastards I leave em bloody 
Deloris Tucker don't let your kids hear a nigga speak on gettin money 
Ain't nothin funny 
cream<< 
Got a nigga seein things 
Why, hit the lye hope to God I can fly 
Lethal weapon I'ma savage 
Still a method to my madness 
BLAST niggaz laugh call em care cabbage 
Read em and weep, put em to sleep they hell bound 
Lyrics will leave em spell bound 
Clown now tired of being held down 
Cross my heart hope to die 
Blinded in some pussy 
Millionaire 
Living care free 
Sucka free 
Playa haters miss me 
Hope in hard times never catch me slippin 
Fuck authorities they wonder why minorities be trippin 
We ain't having it 
Time to tear this shit back, ghetto children kick back 
Once I hit the mat 
Niggaz will never get this shit back 
Spit it so eloquently 
My pistols represent me 
Bust until my rounds empty 
Back for the street fame 

[Chorus] 

(One love to my true thugs) 
Comin to a ghetto near you 
Street fame 
(bust) 
Comin to a ghetto near you 
Street fame 

All out warfare, eye for a eye 
Bustin on my enemies bad boy killing 
(Street fame) 
Straight dissing you 

Fuck Lil' Kim you Nasty Bitch 

[Verse Two] 

Temperatures rises 
Niggaz blinded by my lyrical disguise 
No time to plot retreats 
Niggaz shiver and die 
Multiple rounds found laced 
In his body and face 
Wrapped in plastic the acid, erased all traces 
Criminal tactics the rap game 
Became so drastic 
Military mind mashed all the walls they blasted 
If we bleed then they suffocate 
Chokin in terror 
So we strive singularize we reflect in the mirrors 
The prophecy is clear 
Niggaz lock n load disappear 
Strategize with no fear 
Waging war for years 
The crack game wasn't big enough 
Ready to rush 
You bitch made motherfuckers get murdered and touched 
I go to jail niggaz screamin 
FREE ME 
Speakin freely 
Conversatin with my comrades 
Kicking Swahili 
Indeed nature feel my first seed 
It gets worse 
Plans are cursed to be a G 
On the first to breathe 
Currency in stacks 
Artillery in the back 
Strapped 
Armies, we camouflaged in all black 
When we attack 
Holla out my set 
Nigga tighten your jaw 
Givin birth to outlawz 
(Ha ha) 
Street fame 

[Chorus] 

(Bust nigga bust) 
Comin to a ghetto near you 
(hell yeah) 
Street fame it's true 
(Only Makaveli the Don can put it down like this, Hey Nas ...) (Note: "time to die" was removed) 
Comin to a ghetto near you 
With street fame 

[Verse Three] 

Positive identification 
Got me rushed to the station 
Stuck in this line up 
Tryin hard to hide my face 
They placed the name but can't recall description 
I ain't did shit officer 
That bitch trippin 
Promise retaliation 
They plan busted 
No man to be trusted 
Everything corrupted once man touched it 
Kamikaze 
Hoping that none of the spies find me 
That's why we bye bye daily 
Knowin cops trail me 
But why cry 
Floatin while we tokin on this potent branch 
Flossing in the thug stance, flipping pockets out inside my pants 
Never underestimate me 
Playa hate me 
See me and hide 
Sure as hollow points shatter, enemies die 
Spread love dead thugs 
Gettin buried in riches 
Take a chance to advance fuck them worrin bitches 
Penitentiary's a possibility, bust and pray 
Wear a rubber so I live to fuck another day 
HEY... 
Ain't nothin strange 
I'm 25 dying to change 
But still I bang wanting street fame 

(That's the end of that) 

Thugged out, Makaveli the Don 
Representin the Outlawz 
(Street fame) 
One love to my true niggaz 
(Comin to a ghetto near you) 
(Street fame) 
Makaveli the Don 
Killuminati 
(Comin to a ghetto near you) 
(Street fame) 
Yo check this out 
I'ma tell you like this 
(Street Fame) 
If the lifestyle that you living 
Got you taking more fucking shorts 
Than getting props 
Then that lifestyle need to stop 
Best to recognize some Outlaw shit 
Cause only in this Outlaw lifestyle can you truly come to 
To see what this life's supposed to be like 
Nigga you'll start to see riches, fine bitches and hitting switches 
Shit 
To me that shit sound delicious 
Street Fame

##newsong##

From the Cradle to the Grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

June 16, 1971
Mama gave birth
to a hell raisin' heavenly son.
See the doctor tried to smack me
but I smacked him back,
My first words were "thug for life"
and "Papa pass the Mac."
I'm bustin' on these mother fuckers ballin'
Listen you can hear my mini 14 callin'.
From out the window of my drop top
I got my glock cocked
bustin' at niggas
when will it stop ?
Now tell me are you scared of the dark?
Can't close my eyes I see visions
And even with this thug livin'
will I escape in prison ?
Penitentiary chances was an all day thang
The only way to advance
and if you slang
Then you'd better have your nikes on
Cause when we fight
it's in the middle of the night with no lights on.
Hey!!
There must be a God cause I feel lucky,
Paranoid out my mind
this mother fuckers tryin' to rush me.
Am I goin' to jail?
Look at me bailin'
Commin' out the court house
all about mail and bank
Never die
be a hustler motherfuckers
And makin' thugs out you suckers.
From the cradle to the grave.

[Chorus]

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto. easy

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave
since a little bitty child
I've been known to get ill and kinda buck wild.
Pop pop!
just like the part that's in my walk with street talk
I'm runnin' up the block in the dark with less spark.
Survelience on a nigga every day,
Waitin' on my daddy just to take his ass away.
Now Mama always workin' tryin' to make ends meet.
So now a young niggas bein' raised by the streets.
And then the only other one that ever showed me love
Was my dope fiend uncle strung out on drugs
a straight thug.
Just me, my mama out here on our own
So I got two gatts
one black and one of chrome.
Now I don't wanna hurt nobody but I must defend mine!
It's all the fuck I got
so stop and walk a thin line.
Young niggas be brave
and keep on thuggin' from the cradle to the grave,
From the cradle to the grave.

[Chorus]

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave, I'm glad to say
I made it this far.
Many G's died hard
and all they got was their name here up on a wall.
It's sad thinkin' about the times
Life goes on, I'm steady lost in this land...
as the warzone I got no home
don't have no friends neither.
It's just me by my lonely so I married my Nina.
I keeps her wherever I go,
I love my ho.
Never leave home with out my sugar.
I'm have to plug a nigga.
Mama told me not to trust no punks,
And kick his ass if he lay a hand on me.
Since then I been known.
Sometimes I think my own self stupid
Cause I stay shootin' at marks,
Get twisted up in police reports.
Since the cradle, I've been ungrateful.
My first toy was a gun
I got sprung and learn to love weapons.
But now I'm through with money
and through with street fame.
Somebody peeled my cap and put me in my grave.

[Chorus]

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

March 18th
a rainy day my mama gave birth
To a baby boy trapped in hell on Earth.
From day one it wasn't fun I never had a crumb.
Daddy worked two jobs and Mama won't stop drinkin' rum.
I tried to cope loc
but my family's broke
And my pocket's short
so now I gotta sling dope.
In a game filled with pain it's a fuckin' shame,
The white man got a mother fucker slingin' cane.
So now it's on from dusk to dawn I get my serve on.
Always in the spot with my glock slingin' rocks at the rocks.
Shit don't stop I'm steady dodgin' cops.
I never flip flop
hear my glock cock
thug till I drop.
And if I hit the pen I gotta do my time
Sittin' on my bunk reminiscing about the good times.
It's fucked up a nigga gotta grow up doing dirt,
But from the cradle to the grave I'ma put in work.

[Chorus]

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

Time's movin' fast
will I last another day?
So I pray and I lay with my A-K.
Did I sell my soul as a young kid?
All the things I did
Wishin' someone held me
but they never did.
I can't take it
will I make it to my older age?
Before I'm shot up or locked up in a fuckin' cage.
Lord help me, guide me, save me!
Cause that's the way that Daddy raised me
crazy.
Do or die. Nigga pull the trigger don't give a fuck.
You'd rather be in jail than get your ass bucked.
Nobody cares, it's me against the world.
Keepin' murder on my mind and my tech-9.
I got nothin' to lose, payin' dues, nigga you wanna die?
I get high
then my mission is a walk-by.
You'd better jet when I hit your set cause I'm commin'.
Start runnin' yellin' "evil mind" as I'm gunnin'.
One in the chamber for the anger that I build inside,
For the mothers that cried, for my homies that died.
The beginning is an ending, am I just a slave?
So I got to be brave from the cradle to the grave.

[Chorus til fade]

##newsong##


I would share the definition of balling
with you white folks but now...
the game is to be sold not told
so fuck you.

[Tupac]

I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block.
Little bad motherfucker with a pocket full of rocks.
And I'm totin' these thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked.
And niggas laugh, 'til the first motherfucker got blasted.
I put the nigga in his casket,
Now they coverin' the bastard in plastic.
I smoke blunts on a regular buck when it counts.
I'm tryin' to make a million dollars outta quarter ounce.
And gettin' lost on the five-o, fuck them hos.
Got a 45 screamin' about survival.
Hey nigga can I lay low? Cook some yay-yo.
Hollar "one-time" when I say so.
Don't want to go to the pen, I'm hittin' fences.
Narcs on a nigga's back, missin' me by inches.
And they say how do you survive weighin' 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?
Tell Mama don't cry.
Even when they kill me,
They can never take the game from a young G.
I'm straight ballin'!

Straight ballin'!

Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin'
pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it.
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealin'.
It's kinda boomin' and today I'll make a killin'.
Dressin' down like a villian', but only on the block.
It's a clever disguise to keep me runnin' from the cops.
Ha, I'm gettin' high. I think I'll die if I don't get no ends.
I'm in a bucket with 'em ridin' it like it's a Benz.
I hit the strip let my music bump,
Drinkin' liquor, and I'm lookin' for some hoes to fuck.
Rather die makin' money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo.
A need money in a major way.
Time to fuck my BEACH! Hey! And gettin' paid
You other motherfuckers callin',
But me and my motherfucking thug niggas,
We straight ballin'!!

Staight ballin'!

Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do.
So watch a young motherfucker pull a trigger just to RAISE UP!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga time to do or die.
I keep a pistol in my pocket,
Ready on my block.
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit.
And now they see that motherfucker beat pain,
At point blank range 'cause he slept on the game.
Ain't a damned thing changed
Shakin' the dice, now roll 'em,
If you can't stand pain better hold 'em.
'Cause ain't no tellin' what you might roll.
You might go catch AIDS from a slight cold. Nigga.
Better live your life to the fullest,
You're 'bout to kill a fool, got a pistol motherfucker better pull it.
'Cause even when they kill me,
they can never take the game from a young G.
We st8 ballin'!

We st8 ballin'!

To my niggas in the penitentiary,
Locked up like a motherfucker when they mention me.
'Cause you're fuckin' with the realest motherfucker ever born,
And once again it's on,
I'm bustin' on these bitches till they're gone.
Who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse.
I keep my glock cocked
I need it 'cause they're all shady.
I finally made it
now these jealous bitches tryin' to FADE me!
I ain't goin' out I'd rather blast back.
I'm on the corner with my niggas watchin' cash stack.
And I came up a long way from food stamps.
And takin' shit from the low-life ghetto tramps.
Could you blame me if they sweat me I'm gonna open fire?
What could I do? Pull my trigger or watch my nigga die.
I'm representin' to the fullest givin' devil slugs.
I'm on the block slangin' drugs with the young thugs.
And motherfucker, we be ballin'!
All motherfucking day long, stay strong!
We straight ballin'.




