
Suge Shot Me
[church bells ring in background]
In today's music news: the ever controversial Tupac Shakur has
just released another album under the alias Makaveli.
Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artist
street dates, in fear of a wipeout in retail interchart movement.
Although no one knows the exact cause of the new album;
resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers
have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character
of not only Mr. Shakur, but of Death Row Records as well.
Nas, the alleged ring leader of it, is furious at Tupac
excuse me Makaveli's verbal assault
on Mobb Sleep, Notorius P.I.G., and several other New York rappers
Jay-Z, from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever
and several other corny sounding motherfuckers
are understandably shaken up by this release.
The question everbody wants to know is -- 
why'd they get this nigga started?
Tupac, rather Makaveli, was not available for comment
but released this statement:

[Makaveli]
It's not about East or West
It's about niggaz and bitches, power and money, 
riders and punks. Which side are you on?

[gun cocked, six shots, bullets hit ground]
These niggaz is still fuckin talkin?
You niggaz still breathin? Fuckin roaches, aight
Aight, it's the Raid for your cockroaches

(All day, everyday)
It's the raid for you punk motherfuckers
(The pump in yo' ass)
This is it nigga! Killuminati style
(Outlaw lifestyle)
Makaveli the Don, solo shit - bring it!

[Makaveli]
Allow me to introduce first {*gunshot fires*} Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like the holy Qu'Ran
Niggaz get shook like 5-0
My forty-five gun's next to me when we ride, for survival
Money makin plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes cause they breath freely, see me ride?
Located world wide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Born on a dopefiend's titty.. huh
In every city you'll find me
Look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggaz down to die for me, knahmean?
I hit the scene niggaz duckin from my guillotine stare
I'm right there; my every word, a fuckin nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs down to die for yours
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in 'em
Cut 'em down.. to Hell is where we send 'em
My whole team, trained to explode ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically, and I'm not gon' cry
Me - a born leader never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them my bitch nigga eaters
And not a whimper 'til I'm gone
Thug Life runnin through my veins so I'm strong
(Ha ha ha)

Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggaz but I'm not gon' cry
I'm a Bad Boy killa, Jay-Z die too 
Lookin out for Mobb Deep, nigga when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggaz down to die for me? Yeahh-yeayy!
West coast ridah, comin right behind ya
Should've never fucked wit meeee
I want money hoes sex and weeeed
I wont rest till my road dawgs freeee, bomb first!

[Chorus]
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first

[E.D.I. Amin]
For so many days and some many ways we've been duckin strays
They delivers, but we still some Bad Boy killers
Got nuttin to lose, I gots no where to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli, be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission
Sent to do, what you'll never do
and that's ride for the cause
Yes I'll die for the cause
Ya best believe if I'ma leave this bitch
Yo I'm dyin with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a muh'fuckin Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game, for the motherfuckin cash mayne
then what is your motherfuckin purpose? None can serve us
E.D.I. Amin born worthless
That's until the day, I decided to bomb first BEATCH!!

[Young Noble]
Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin patent leather
Causin massive terror, y'all niggaz lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper half drug kingpin
Yer tellin fairy tales dunn
"King of New York," like you the motherfuckin one?
But I'm from Jerz and we don't play that shit
From the Claire down to Newark Bricks, all my niggaz flippin chips
Gettin rich, even though it's hard
Tryin to creep through these halls and brawls
without scarred by a revolv'
with no warnin signs, cause yo my man took five
Now I'm the young one with the nine, ready to put in my time

[Makaveli]
Shoot first, look at they head burst bleedin
Don't want to hear no shit this evenin, believe me
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
G's, and thug niggaz on the rise
Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
G's, and thug niggaz on the rise
Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first


##newsong##


[Makaveli]
Makaveli in this... Killuminati, all through your body
The blow's like a twelve gauge shotty
Uh, feel me!
And God said he should send his one begotten son
to lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me; eat my flesh, flesh and my flesh

[Chorus (Makaveli):]
Come with me, Hail Mary
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

[Makaveli]
I ain't a killer but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God hoping that he's listening
Seeing niggas coming for me, to my diamonds, when they glistening
Now pay attention, rest in peace father
I'm a ghost in these killing fields
Hail Mary catch me if I go, let's go deep inside
the solitary mind of a madman who screams in the dark
Evil lurks, enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break, to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupted, fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit, plus
mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust
It's just as well, Hail Mary

[Chorus 2X]

[Makaveli]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realize the precious time the bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalized I lived my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble, we balling
Catch me father please, cause I'm falling, in the liquor store
That's the Hennessee I hear ya calling, can I get some more?
Hail 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checking in my bedroom; I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do
One life to live but I got nothing to lose, just me and you
on a one way trip to prison, selling drugs
We all wrapped up in this living, life as Thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max, doing they bid
Raise hell to this real shit, and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be down in the dark
Thuggin eternal through my heart, now Hail Mary nigga

[Chorus 2X]

[Kastro]
They got a APB, out on my Thug family
Since the Outlawz run these streets, like these skanless freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K blasted off Hennessee and Thai
Trying it, mixed it, now I'm twisted blisted and high
Visions of me, Thug living getting me by
Forever live, and I multiply survived by Thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they coming with slugs

[Young Noble]
Peep the whole scene and whatever's going on around me
Brain kinda cloudy, smoked out feeling rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever in that motherfucker
Nasty new street, slugger my heat seeks suckers
on the regular mashing in a stolen black Ac Integ-ra
Cock back, sixty seconds 'til the draw that's when I'm dead in ya
Feet first, you got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a Thug to preaching church, I gave you love now you eating dirt
Needing work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
Cause word is bond when I was broke I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
hold ya head and stay up, to all my niggas get ya pay and weight up

[Kastro]
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate

[Chorus (repeats in background)]

[Prince Ital]
We've been traveling on this wayward road
Long time 'til I be take a 'eavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, Hail Mary
We won't worry everything will come real
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry everything will come real
Yes we free like the bird in the tree
We running from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, Hail Mary

[Chorus]

[Makaveli]
Westside, Outlawz, Makaveli the Don, Solo, Killuminati, The 7 Days

##newsong##

[Tupac]
The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin war we got
My other Capo in this big ass, conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who he comin through right now, Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

(Toss it up!)
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supllied yo' phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversatin, we relaxin, kickin back
Got you curious for Thug Passion, now picture that
Tongue kissin, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you movin in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweatin up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespectin when I tongue kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, gettin busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your, hips and glide
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got ya lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shakin back-breakin when we're tossin it up

[K-Ci, JoJo]
In this baby, I like the way it's goin down
When all that is around, slip slide ride
Givin me love nice like
Female I like, what I wanna give all night
You and me alone everybody's gone toss it up
Baby let's, get it on!
I like the way you please me, babe
The sexy way you tease me, sugar
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me, I like the way you give it to me!

[Chorus: K-Ci, JoJo]

I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
[repeat 4X w/ variations]
Play on, play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
[repeat 4X w/ variations]

[K-Ci, JoJo]
Ohhh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm that want you lady
Ohhh, don't act so shady, baby your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thang, you make me wanna sang
Girl you make my bells rang, make them go ting-a-ling!
Now the man, I'm here again
Don't worry to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady lady
Your body the kind I like-ah
Big booty to the lung delight-ah
Bag it up yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me!!

[Chorus 1/2]

[Tupac]
Do you want me what's your phone number, I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin for paydays
No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plottin Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gon' run to?
Lookin for suckers cause you similar
Pretendin to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screamin Compton, but you can't return, you ain't heard
Brothers pissed cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, cause we Untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushin you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust, only time reveals -- toss it up!

[Chorus w/ variations]

[Tupac]
Play on playa, play on
How can some non-players do a song about Compton
and then wanna do a player song?
How can non-players do it? (We not little kids, we not playin)
Tellin lies, who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touchin us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street boy
It's on
Toss it up, we took you on, and we took y'all beat
You know we beat you down, and we took y'all beat
Cause you wasn't rockin it right
Tired of suckers rockin it, toss it up, is how we did it
Yeah, toss it up now!

##newsong##

[Dominique] Street Science, you're on the air [static]
What do you feel when you hear a record like Tupac's new one? [static]
[Man responds] I love Tupac's new record [static]
[Dominique]
Right, but don't you feel like that creates [static]
a tension between East and West? [static]
He's talking about killing people [static]
I had sex with your wife and not in those words [static]
but he's talking about I wanna see you deceased [static]

[Intro: Makaveli]
No doubt... to live and die in LA
California -- what you say about Los Angeles
Still the only place for me that never rains in the sun and everybody got love

[Verse One: Makaveli]
To live and die in LA, where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggas hustle for the cash so it's hard to knock it
Everybody got they own thang, currency chasing
Worldwide through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury niggas close to heart
What was a friend now a ghost in the dark, cold hearted about it
Nigga got smoked by a fiend, trying to floss on him
Blind to a broken man's dream, a hard lesson
Court cases keep me guessing, plea bargain ain't an option now,
So I'm stressing, cost me more to be free than a life in the pen
Making money off of cuss words, writing again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down Sunset liking the scene
What's the worst they could do to a nigga got me lost in hell
To live and die in LA on bail, my angel sing

[Chorus: Val Young]
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it, what everybody wanna see
[repeat 2X]

[Verse Two: Makaveli]
It's the City of Angels and constant danger
South Central LA, can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera, on the curb
Watching the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggas getting three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen the right across from hell, I can't cry
'cause it's on now, I'm just a nigga on his own now
Living life Thug style, so I can't smile
Writing to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinking Cali just fun and bitches, ha ha ha
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggas copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love woman
'cause every nigga in LA got a little bit of Thug in him
We might fight amongst each other, but I promise you this
We'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed
To live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Makaveli]
'cause would it be LA without Mexicans?
Black love brown pride and the sets again
Pete Wilson trying to see us all broke, I'm on some bullshit
Out for everything they owe, remember K-DAY
Weekends, Crenshaw -- MLK
Automatics rang free, niggas lost they way
Gang signs being showed, nigga love your hood
But recognize and it's all good, where the weed at?
Niggas getting shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this motherfucker perved out, M.O.B.
Big Suge in the Low-Low, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex, with a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggas with me, OFTB
They got some hash took the stash left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tre, Head Ron, Punchy too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hoping it pay
Getting high watching time fly, to live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)

[Chorus]

[Outro: Makaveli]
This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumping my shit
Making my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum, he he
This go out to all the magazines that supported me
All the real motherfuckers
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all you all motherfuckers
LA, California Love part motherfucking Two
Without gay ass Dre

##newsong##


[This Week in Bible Prophecy]
God has a plan -- and the bible unfolds that wonderful plan
through the message of prophecy
God sent Jesus into this world to be our saviour
And that Christ is returning, someday soon
to unfold the wonderful plan of eternity, for my life and your life
As long as we're cooperating with God
by accepting Jesus Christ as our personal Lord and saviour
And as the Lord does return in the coming seven days
We'll see you next time here on This Week in Bible Prophecy

[Tupac]
Tupac don't start that blasphemy in here!
Makaveli, the new breed -- and I remember what my pops told me
The new word, follow me -- remember what my pops told me

My family tree, consists of drug dealers, thugs and killers
Strugglin, known to hustle screamin fuck they feelings
I got advice from my father, all he told me was this
Niggaz, get off your ass if you plan to be rich
There's ten rules to the game, but I'll share with you two
Know, niggaz gon' hate you for whatever you do
Now rule one -- get your cash on, M.O.B.
That's Money Over Bitches, cause they breed envy
Now rule two is a hard one, watch for phonies
Keep yo', enemies close nigga, watch yo' homies
It seemed a little unimportant, when he told me I smiled
Picture jewels being handed, to an innocent child
I never knew in my lifetime I'd live by these rules
Initiated as an outlaw, studying rules
Now papa ain't around, so I gotta recall
or come to grips with bein on my enemy's wall (rest in peace)
Promised if I have a seed, I'ma guide him right
Dear Lord don't let me die tonite
I got words for my comrades, listen and learn
Ain't nuttin free, give back what you earn, no doubt
Gettin higher than a motherfucker, blessed and pleased
This Thug Life'll be the death of me, c'mon, yeah

And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy

[Chorus: Prince Ital]

Love for dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie but holdin my bird in a cloud
Usin de name of de Lord in vein
While de people in de ghetto, feel nuff pain

[Tupac]
We probably in Hell already, our dumb asses not knowin
Everybody kissin ass to go to heaven ain't goin
Put my soul on it, I'm fightin devil niggaz daily
Plus the media be crucifying brothers severly
Tell me I ain't God's son, nigga mom a virgin
We got addicted had to leave the burbs, back in the ghetto
doin wild shit, lookin at the sun don't pay
Criminal mind all the time, wait for Judgment Day
They say Moses split the Red Sea
I split the blunt and rolled the fat one, I'm deadly -- Babylon beware
Comin from the Pharoahe's kids, retaliation
Makin legends off the shit we did, still bullshittin
Niggaz in Jerusalem, waitin for signs
God promised, she's just takin her time, haha
Living by the Nile while the water flows
I'm contemplating plots wondering which door to go
Brothas getting shot, comin back resurrected
It's just that raw shit, nigga check it (that raw shit)

And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy

[Chorus]

[Tupac]
The preacher want me buried why? Cause I know he a liar
Have you ever seen a crackhead, that's eternal fire
Why you got these kids minds, thinkin that they evil
while the preacher bein richer you say honor God's people
Should we cry, when the Pope die, my request
We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X
Mama tell me am I wrong, is God just another cop
waitin to beat my ass if I don't go pop?
Memories of a past time, givin up cash
to the leaders, knowin damn well, it ain't gonna feed us
In my brain how can you explain, time in D.C.
It's hard enough to live now, in these times of greed
They say Jesus is a kind man, well he should understand
times in this crime man, my Thug nation
Do whatchu gotta do but know you gotta change
Try to find a way to make it out the game
I live decent, hope God can see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? I leave this here
I live decent, hope God see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? And my people say

[Chorus 4X]

Our father, who art in heaven
Hallow be thy name
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
In earth, as it is in heaven
Give us this day, our daily bread
As we give up our debts
As we forgive our debt-ors
Lead us not into temptation
but deliver us, unevil
For God, is the kingdom, and the power
and the glory forever, and ever, and ever



##newsong##

In the life we live as thugs,
Everbody fuckin wit us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man.
Ridin wit my gun in hand.

Why explain the game? Niggas ain't listenin.
Stuck in positions. If victims can't stand the heat,
Then stay the fuck out the kitchen.
Have these bustas switchin, lookin at me mean.
Itchin, givin suckas plenty space.
Have these bitch niggas snitchin.
Where are we now? Guns found daily.
The feds surely hope that they could finally nail me for sellin dope.
They backwards, make tracks burst whenever I rap.
Attack. Words bein known to explode on contact.
Extreme at times. Blinded by my passion and fury.
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin my jewelry.
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me. Truely effective.
The shit you heard ain't do me justice. Got a death wish, bitch.
Run up, face me and trace wit an infared beam.
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team.
Ain't nobody holdin you back. Explode the track to confetti.
Unload it. Cuz niggas ain't ready. The life of an outlaw.

[Chorus repeats]

Code 3. Attack formation. Pull out your pistols.
Keep an eye out for the devils cuz they itchin to get you.
Mercy to this madman screamin kamikaze in tongue.
Automatic gunfire makin all my enemies run.
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin.
Indeed the possibility has part a chase in cream.
Dope got me hatin fiends. Scheam wit my team, just a chosen few.
My foes victim of explosives. Come closer. Exhale the fumes.
We got memories fadin fast. A slave for cash.
Accelerate, mash, blast, then dash.
Don't look now. How you like it, raw.
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the outlaws. Never surrender.
Death is for a son to stay free. I'm thugged out.
Fuck the world cuz this is how they made me.
Scarred but still breathin.
Believe in me and you could see the victory.
A warrior with jewels. Will you picture me?
Life of and outlaw.

[Chorus repeats]

City under siege. It's like I can't even breathe.
I'm from the state of car theives. G, deep from the street.
Plenty beef. I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene.
Mobb Deep. This nigga from behind tryin to creep.
No halfs wit no straps, jack.
It's on to bounce back.
And an ounce so fat, they snatch my style ?
Get this grip wit hollows to get cha.
Snip wit clippers. Get the picture?
I wrote my life down like a scripture.

And I'm still on lost in the land of the lonely.
Where ain't nobody holy. A matter of a fact, we unholy.
Everybody livin soley for themselves. Too hostile on a land hell.
Somebody need me. You know we lost hope and we needin it.
Wit the evil it's forever. But it might be low down, scandalouz
Like a tramp is. All for the street fame on how to be managed.
To plan shit. 6 months in advaced to what we plotted.
Approved to go on swole and now I got it.

Un uh, crack my window. Knowin they'd love to catch Kastro sleepin.
Attach a strap under my pillow and a hand like we freakin.
Creepin deep into morning. Peepin out the weak.
While they yawnin and let my cloud speak for it's self.
No doubt. Outlaw. Outta my mind, outta time. You're all blind.
Some kind of life of mine Kato don't mind.
Findin it funny, matter of fact, cuz it is.
Perhaps finally I look at that true over the years as an outlaw.
Eh, Noble.
What's up nigga.
Would you die for me, nigga?
Hell yeah.
Would you kill for me?
On my grandmother, nigga.
Ah yo.
What's up.
Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now.
Watch out.

Well now they all say they roaches and parasites.
Snakes and all they might
Thug Life break night.
Drink till we fist fight.
Life or death. But you can't win with a vest.
But there won't be no breathing for the reason
Punk bitch on your breath.
I see day is dark and I admit it's dark.
So chase ?
Beware foolin marks.
And yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left for PO's belly.
And let me bust back to them niggas till they all sweaty.

##newsong##


[Spoken:]
[Makaveli] 
Outlawz (go ahead), in this
Makaveli the Don up in this
No doubt, Death Row / Makaveli Records

[E.D.I]
You can call me daddy
Ugh - I'll be ya daddy
That's right
JUST LIKE DADDY

For tha ladies

[Chorus]
Come with me and in time we'll grow 
Dedicating slow jams on the radio...I --
Know you're happy I can feel the passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby I can take away your pain
If you trust me 
Close your eyes and feel the magic 
Never leave when you need me
I'll do you just like daddy

[E.D.I]
I met her when she was young
Her real daddy died when she was younger
Her moms let her do what she pleased 
And seen no one loved her
Her eyes shinin' love
A diamond in the rough
The kind that you can love
Not yet touched with so much...
Potential
Youngster let me guide your mental
Into a place
Where the sourness of pain you'll never taste
by God's grace
You was born with that face
Nothin' but pure beauty
So for an eternity I feel it's my duty
To be your SOULJAH
Yeah baby got plans to mold ya
In the coldest nights is when I hold ya
Like I'm supposed ta
As we grow closer
I'll take your hand gladly
Anything you need ask me
Spoil my baby girl just like daddy

[2PAC]
To alleviate the stress, spendin' time with you
I feel blessed
When you gone, feel a pain so strong -
Deep in my chest
When I got arrested
Came so close to goin' to jail
Throwin' blows at the po-po's 
Breakin' your nails
Screamin' loud, goin' all out
Damn, I dig
You stay locked down at mom's house
Watchin' the kids
Through the whole bid
In the V-I
I see ya daily
When my fake homies try to fuck you
You run and tell me
That's why I stay committed
I thank God every time I hit it
Hopin' you'll forgive me for the times I've bullshitted
Me and you against the world
We untouchable 
Screamin' like you're dyin' every time I'm fuckin' you
You never had a father or a family
But I'll be there
No need to fear 
So much insanity
And through the years
I know you gave me your heart, and plus
When I'm dirt broke and fucked up
You still love me

[Chorus]
Come with me and in time we'll grow 
Dedicating slow jams on the radio...I --
Know you're happy I can feel your passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby I can take away your pain
If you trust me 
Close your eyes and feel tha magic 
Never leave when ya need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

[Kadafi]

Boo would ya - die for me?
Down - holdin' my pistol 
Gettin high' with me 
Sounds tougher than bristle
But when you cry
I'll be your tissue
Back in the county 
Writing letters how I miss you
Givin' you credit
Apologetic
"How I diss you?"
'Cause you for thinkin' like a minor
Ain't on the level of this old timer
Daddy ready to wine ya and dine ya
Lace you from toe to Platania
And still
Be right behind ya - truth
Like just me and you no tellin what we could do
Gettin' high between the sheets
Make this shit right here discrete
Puttin' hickies on ya belly while we fuckin on the beach
I love it when ya nut up and grab me
I feel for ya badly, baby girl just like daddy

[Young Noble]
Shorty I lend my hand out to help ya
Lost soul lookin' for shelter
On the late night accept ya
treat ya good won't disrespect ya
My age is young
Out of place bitch 
Callin' days is done
From a tricksy to a missy
You know I raised ya hon'
Placed her under my wing
Showed her how we swing
Now she rollin' blunts for her king
One day labeled thug misses
The essence of my ghetto sistas
hugs and kisses
Destined for me to be a father figure

[Chorus 4x]
Come with me and in time we'll grow 
Dedicating slow jams on the radio...I --
Know you're happy I can feel your passion
Lookin' out for ya just like daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby I can take away your pain
If you trust me 
Close your eyes and feel the magic 
Never leave when you need me
I'll do ya just like daddy

Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?

Throw ya hands in the air

Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sistas at?

Throw ya hands in the air

Outlawz in this mothafucka
No doubt

Kadafi
Hussein
Makaveli
Napoleon
Marvaless
EDI
Kastro
Khameleon
Storm

Yeah the bitch check
No doubt
Get your money nigga
Get your mothafuckin money nigga
Come On

Just like daddy baby
You know you got somewhere to go from now on
Come to the thug nigga
The thug nigga that love niggas

Outlawz baby
Outlawz
Outlaw
Throw your hands in the motherfuckin air!

##newsong##


[Intro]
Hand me a cigarette DAWG! [inhales]
They got me feelin crazier than a motherfucker
I got Bad Ass in this motherfucker
Makaveli the Don, representin the Outlawz
Bad Azz representin' the L.B.C. Crew
What you wanna do? 
You know how we do it

[overlapping the Intro]
Time goes by
.. puffin on lye
Hopin that it get me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

[Chorus]
Time goes by, puffin on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

(Tell 'em bout it)

[2Pac]
Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Hold my head against the wall learnin right from wrong
They say my ghetto intrumental, detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me, for the outcome, ban my records - check it
Don't have to bump this but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned into a plus, now they stuck livin blinded
Hennesey got me feelin bad, time to stop drinkin
Rollin, in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin?
Sittin in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way but still I got so far to go
Dear mama, don't worry; I'ma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu, that I love her, but it's hard to take
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak - all I heard was

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

(One, two, three, four)

[2Pac]
I see bloods and crips runnin' up the hill
Lookin for a better wayyyyyy..
My brothers and sisters it's time to build
'cause even thug niggaz prayyyyyy..
Hopin' God hear me, 
I entered the game; 
look how much I changed
I'm no longer innocent - casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
when I gave her the keys to her own house, this your land
Your only son done became a man
Watchin time fly; I love my people do or die
But I wonder why, we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga get paid."
No one can understand me - the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he died, I could hear him say, c'mon..

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Bad Ass]
God help me out here, cause I'm posessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
Cause money's like a stong prescription drug, it's got me addicted
to the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
Somethin bout the paper wit the pictures of the president's, head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin money cause it's cursed
Makin money makes a difference day by day so I gotta stay
paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin' to live
No matter how hard you try to see death, you gotta die
A lot of my, peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life do 'em right, or did life leave 'em dumb
Who has the answers? I wonder; I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell them
or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) Cause they don't even know
A million thangs run through my mind..
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin time..

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Chorus repeats while Tupac speaks below]

[2Pac]
I'm feelin' fucked up in this bitch.
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate tye, indo, Hawaiian, lambsbread, buddha, all that shit
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker, and Hennesey don't help
and Hennesey don't help - Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin it down to the fullest, maximum overload
3 Day Theory - Killuminati to your body
with the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs

One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(One time for my niggaz locked up)
One time for my niggaz doin life in hell
(One time for my niggaz and shit, one time)
One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(One time)
One time for my niggaz doin life in hell
(One time for my niggaz locked down)
One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(For my niggaz locked up, one time)
One time for my niggaz on Death Row
(One time for my niggaz on the Row)
For my niggaz on Death Row
One time for my niggaz livin, broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.!)
One time for my niggaz livin, broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggaz in the.. jail cell
(Get high, puffin on lye, wonder if it get me high)
(Yeah, yeah, crazy..)

##newsong##
I ain't saying I'm innocent of all this
I'm just saying
This song is for y'all
For all the times I mess up
when we mess up

Dear sister
Got me twisted up in prison
I miss you
Crying
Looking at my nieces and my newphews picture
They say don't let this cruel world get you
Kinda suspicious,
Swearing one day you might leave me
for someone that's richer
Twist the cap off the bottle
I Take a sip And see tommorrow
Gotta make it if I have to Beg and Borrow
Reading love letters
late night, locked down, and quiet
If brothers don't receive their mail
Best believe we riot
Eating Jack mat
Staring at walls of Silence
Inside this cage
Where they captured all my rage and violence
In time I learned a few lessons
Never fall for riches
Apologizes to my TRUE sisters
Far from bitches
Help me raise my black nation
Reparations are due
Its true
Caught up in this world
I took advantage of you
So tell the babies how I love them
Precious boys and girls
Born black in this white mans world
and all I heard was

[Chorus]

Who knows what tommorrow brings
In this world where everyone lies
Where to go
No matter how far I find
To let you know
That You're not alone

Being born with less
I must confess
Only adds on to the stress
Two gunshots to my homies head
Died in his rest
Shot him to death
and Left him bleeding for his family to see
I pass his casket
Gently asking
Is there heaven for G's?
My homeboys doing life
His baby's mama be stressing
Shedding tears
When her son finally ask that questions
Where my daddy at?
Mama, Why we live so poor?
Why you crying?
Heard you late night
Through my bedroom door
Now do you love me mama?
Why do they keep calling me nigger?
Get my weight up, with my hate
and pay 'em back when I'm bigger
Still thugging in this jail cell
Missing my block
Hearing brothers screaming all night
Wishing they'd stop
Proud to be black
But why do we act like
We don't love ourselves
Don't look around
buster (you sucker)
Check yourselves
know what if means to be black
whether a man or girl
we're still struggling in this
White man's world

[Chorus]

(we must fight)
Who knows what tommorrow brings
In this world where everyone lies
Where to go
No matter how far I find
To let you know
That You're not alone

So tell me why you changed
Choosing new direction
In a blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection
You think I'd die
Not gonna cry
Why should I care
Like we holding on to lost love
That's no longer there
Can you please help me
God Bless me please
Keep my seeds healthy
Banging on my enemies Bleed
While my G's wealthy
Hoping they bury me
With ammunition, weed, and shells
Just in case they trip in heaven
Ain't no G's hell
Sister sorry for the pain
That I caused your heart
I know I'll change
If you help me
But Don't fall apart
Rest In Peace
To Latasha, Little Yummy, and Kato
To much for this cold world to take
Ended up being fatal
Every women in America
Especially Black
Bear with me, can't you see
We're under attack
I never meant to cause drama
To my sister and Mama
Will we make it
To better times

In this white man worlds

[Chorus]

[Along with revolutionary talking]

##newsong##


[Lady of Rage:]
Sheeit, you motherfuckin' right
I'm the bitch that's keepin it live and keepin it hot
When you punk ass niggaz don't
Nigga Westside, WHAT! Bring it on

[Tupac:]
Look for me
Lost in the whirlwind, ninety-six, Bonnie and Clyde
Me and my girlfriend, do one-eighty-five when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin, born as a ghetto child
Raised in this whirlwind (c'mon)
Our childhood years recall the tears heart laced with venom
Smokin sherm, drinkin malt liquor, father forgive her
Me and my girlfriend, hustlin, fell in love with the struggle
Hands on the steering wheel, blush, while she bail out bustin
Fuck em all, watch em fall screamin, automatic gunfire
Exorcisin all demons
Mafias on the side, my congregation high, ready to die
We bail out to take the jail back, niggaz united
Our first date, couldn't wait to see you naked
Touch you in every secret place, I can hardly wait
To bust freely, got you red hot, you so happy to see me
Make the frontpage primetime live on TV
Nigga my girlfriend, baby forty-five but she still live
One shot make a nigga's heartbeat stop

[Lady of Rage:]
What! I'm bustin on you punk ass niggaz [automatic gunfire]
Run nigga run! [gunfire] I'm on yo' ass nigga! [gunfire continues]
Run nigga, duck and hide! Nigga I'm bustin all you bitches!
Run nigga, yeah! Westside! Uh uh uh! Die nigga die!

[Tupac:]
My girlfriend, blacker than the darkest night
When niggaz act bitch-made she got the heart to fight
Nigga my girlfriend, though we seperated at times
I knew deep inside, baby girl would always be mine
Picked you up when you was nine, started out my life of crime
With you, bought you some shells when you turned twenty-two
It's true, nothin compares to the satisfaction
That I feel when we out mashin, me and my girlfriend

[Chorus: Tupac]

All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end, just me and my girlfriend
[x2]

[Tupac:]
I was too immature
To understand your ways, inexperienced back in the days
Caused so many arguments and strays
Now I realize how to treat ya, the secret to keep ya
Bein faithful now cause now cheatin's lethal
We closer than the hands of time, deeper than the drop of mankind
I trust you dearly, I shoot blind
In time I clock figures, droppin niggaz as we rise
We all soldiers in God's eyes - now it's time for war
Never leave me baby, I'm paranoid, sleepin witcha
Loaded by my bedside crazy
Jealous when you hang with the fellas, I wait patiently alone
Anticipated for the moment you come home
I'm waitin by the phone this is true love, I can feel it
I've had a lot of women in my bed, but you the realeast
So if you ever need me call, I'll be there through it all
You're the reason I can stand tall, me and my girlfriend

[Chorus]

[Tupac:]
I love finger fuckin you, all of a sudden I'm hearin thunder
When you bust a nut, niggaz be duckin or takin numbers
Love to watch you at a block party, beggin for drama
While unleashin on the old timers, that's on my mama
I would trade my life for yours, behind closed doors
The only girl that I adore, everything I'm askin for
Talkin to me beggin me to just, take you around
Seventeen like Brandy you just Wanna Be Down
Talkin loud when I tell you be quiet you move the crowd
Bustin rounds, activatin a riot, that's why I love you so
No control, down to roll, unleash
After a hit you break apart, then back to one piece
Much love to my one and only girlfriend, the world is ours
Just hold me down, baby witness the power
Never leave a nigga alone, I love you black or chrome
Turn this house into a happy home, me and my girlfriend

[Chorus x3]

Lost in the whirlwind, ninety-six, Bonnie and Clyde
Me and my girlfriend, do one-eighty-five when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin, born as a ghetto child
Raised in the whirlwind - look for me
[x3]

Lost in the whirlwind, ninety-six, Bonnie and Clyde
Me and my girlfriend
[x2]

Me and my girlfriend!

##newsong##

My homeboys in Clinton And Rikers Island
Mumia Atumie, Gerino Pratt,
All the political Prisoners
San Quiton

"Can you see him?"
"I See Him"

[2Pac:] "I'm Alive"

Yeah
One Thug, One Thug

How do we keep the music playing

One Thug, One Thug

I wake up early in the morning
My state so Military
Suckers Fantasize, Pictures of a
Young Brother Buried
Was it me, The Weed, Or this life I lead
If daytime is for suckers then
Tonight we breathe
Out for all that
Knowing that this world brings drawbacks
Look how this shit bumps
Once I deliver these war raps
Meet me at the cemetery
Dressed in Black
Tonight we
Honor the dead those who won't be back
So if I die do the same for me
Shed no tear
An Outlaw, thug living in this game,
for years
Why worry,
Hope to god
Get me high
When I'm buried
Knowing deep inside only a few love me
Come rush me to the gates of heaven
Let me picture for a while
How I live for my days, as a child
I wonder now
How do we outlast, always get cash
Stay strong if we all mash
Hold Your head

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
How do we get ahead
To many young black brothers are dying
Living Fast, too fast

These felonies be like prophecies
Begging me to stop
Cause These lawyers getting money
Everytime they knock us
Slashing pockets lyrically
Suckers fleed when they notice
Switched my name to Makaveli
Half the rap game closed
Expose foes, with my hocus pocus flows
They froze
Now suckers idealize my chosen Blows
More money mean litigating
More Player hating
Got a cell at the penn for me waiting
Is this my fate
Miss me with that mistermeaner thinking
Me fall back
Never That
Too much Tequilla drinking
We all that
Make them understand me
Hey I'll stay all night out with my Posse
Everyone roll with me is family
Cause everybodies got me
Watch me paint a perfect vision
This life we living
Got us all meeting up in Prison
Last week I got a letter from my road dog
Written in Blood
Saying, "Please show a young player love"
Hold your head
Hold it

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
How do we get ahead
To many young black brothers are dying
Living Fast, too fast

God bless the child that can hold is own
Indeed
Enemies Bleed when I hold my chrome
Let these words be the last
to my unborn seeds
Hope to raise my young nation
In this world of greed
Currency means nothing if you still ain't free
Money breeds jealousy
Take the game from me
I hope for better days
Trouble comes naturally
Running from authorities
Till they capture me
And my AIM is to spread more smiles than tears
Utilize lessons learned from my childhood years
Maybe Mama had it all right
Rest your head
Straight conversation all night
Bless the dead
To the homies that I usta have
That no longer roll
Catch a brother at the crossroads
Plus nobody knows my soul
Watching time pass
Through the glass of my drop top Rolls
Hold your head

[Chorus]

##newsong##

One love, one love, one thug
One nation, twenty-one gun salute

I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke

Twenty-one gun salute, dressed in fatigue, black jeans and boots
Disappeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas thinks he live like me
Talkin bout he left the hospital took five like me
You living fantasies, nigga I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now we out of the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why nigga blowed them out
Next time grown folks talk, nigga close your mouth
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real players fall to let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy lets be honest you a punk or you will see me with gloves
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me bein a thug
You can tell the people you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's going on
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witness me strapped with Macs, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers trying to advance
It's all over now, take it like a man
Niggas lookin like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
Tryin to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick
Let it be known this is how you made me
Lovin how I got you niggas crazy

Against all odds
Hopin my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke, against all odds
Hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote

I heard he was light skinned, stocky with a Haitian accent
Jewelery, fast cars and he's known for flashing (What's his name???)
Listen while I take you back (NIGGA SAY HIS NAME!) and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was workin for the feds, same crime, different trials
Nigga, picture what he said, and did I mention
Promised a payback, Jimmy Henchman, in due time
I know you bitch niggas is listenin, The World Is Mine
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up
Heard the guns bust but you tricks never shut me up
Touch one of mine on everything I own
I'll destroy everything you touch, play the game nigga
All out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga, "WHY YOU LIE?!?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots too Tutt, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga this M-O-B
So believe me we enemies, I go against all odds

I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds

Puffy gettin robbed like a bitch, to hide the fact
he did some shit he shouldn't have did, so we ride em for that
And that nigga that was down for me, restin dead
Switch sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathin the dead
Lord listen to me
God don't like ugly, It Was Written
(ey yo Nas) Nas, your whole damn style is bitten 
You heard my melody, read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers
Now you wanna live my life, so what's the answer Nas?
Niggas that don't rhyme right, you've seen too many movies
Load em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie you die, GOODBYE
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me
What would you do if you was me nigga

Against all odds
I'm hopin my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
[repeat]

Against all odds
[Twenty-one gun salute]
One love to my true thug niggas (Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
Twenty-one gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representin to the fullest bein soldiers with military minds
that play the rules of the game, twenty-one gun salute
I salute you my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch made niggas, I'm comin for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is, nigga
You touch me I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers think that I forgot
Hell no I ain't forgot nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money behind me
Aight, I got my money right here, now I want war
